text
"Credit karma expressly disclaims any liability for any errors or omissions in our content or our services, including the inaccuracy or incompleteness of any such credit reports, credit scores, offers or other information, tools or analyses available through our services or our content. notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this section shall affect warranties which are incapable of exclusion or restriction under applicable law. summary this is very important (like, bold and all-caps important) so please read this whole section carefully for specifics."
"Box 30963, oakland, ca 94604, attention: legal department."
"Terms of service effective date: may 21, 2021 welcome to the credit karma community, part of the intuit, inc. family of companies!"
"We reserve the right to limit the availability of our services or the provision of any of our content to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole and absolute discretion. summary we’re based in the u.s. and our services are meant for a u.s. audience only."
"If you need professional assistance with your finances, please go to a professional that can help with your specific situation. 3.5 territorial restrictions we control and operate our services from the united states and we make no representations or warranties that the information, products, or services provided through our services, or our content (defined below), are appropriate for access or use in other jurisdictions."
"Indemnification you will defend (if requested by any credit karma party), indemnify, and hold harmless the credit karma parties from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, demands, or liabilities, including attorneys’ fees and costs, incurred by the credit karma parties in connection with any claim by a third party arising out of or in any way related to: (1) your use of our services, our content or the community content."
Check out www.creditkarma.ca (for canada) and www.creditkarma.co.uk (for the u.k.). 3.6 compliance with law you must comply with all applicable laws when using our services.
Miscellaneous summary this entire section is where you’ll find a bunch of standard legalese.
"We may access, use, preserve, transfer or disclose, at any time and without notice to you, any information (including personal information as defined in our privacy statement) as reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, or legal process, or respond to any governmental request or cooperate with law enforcement, if we believe such action is required or permitted by law."
"That’s because there are hundreds of scoring models out there, and they all weigh things a little differently."
"Or (d) to file a suit in a court of law solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of our services or address an intellectual property infringement claim. 10.3 arbitrator any arbitration between you and credit karma will be conducted under the consumer arbitration rules (“aaa rules“) of the american arbitration association (“aaa“), as modified by the agreement, and will be administered by the aaa."
"Nothing in the agreement or our services grants you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use our content except as expressly stated in the agreement. summary we’ve created a lot of cool stuff for you to use, read, and look at."
"You and credit karma agree to use good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if you and credit karma do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the notice is received, you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding."
Immaterial modifications will take effect when published.
"If you decide to register, you’re pinky swearing that you’re a u.s. adult, you are who you say you are and you won’t let anyone else use your account. 2.2 specific registration consents when you register as a member, you authorize us to create and maintain an account in your name using your account registration information and other information that may be collected about you in accordance with our privacy statement as part of providing our services (collectively, such information is your “intuit account.”)."
"You must abide by the our community rules when publishing, uploading, or submitting your community content. summary we provide some pretty awesome community features to help you share content and materials with other users, but we have some rules to try to keep it polite and helpful for everyone."
Material modifications will take effect when you accept the modified terms.
We will sometimes need you to agree to special terms for certain products or features. return to the table of contents 2.
They are only included to help you understand it.
"If a change materially modifies your rights or obligations, you may need to accept the modified terms to continue to use our services."
"Nothing in the agreement or our services grants you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to copy, modify, sell, reproduce, distribute, republish, display, post, create derivative works from or transmit in any form (including in-line linking or mirroring) any of our partners’ intellectual property. summary you also can’t reuse our partners’ stuff. 4.3 infringement of rights you may not use our services in any manner that infringes the rights of any third party."
"When registering, you authorize your wireless carrier to share your account device information with our third-party service provider, only to verify your identify and prevent fraud."
This license also includes the right to publish your community content in a searchable format that may be accessed by other users of our services.
"To help you navigate this legalese, we’ve included a few extra notes alongside the actual terms of the agreement, which we’ve highlighted and labeled as “summaries”."
"Or (4) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues related to our services or the services of our partners. summary we’re not big brother, but we need to be able to keep an eye on things to protect ourselves, our members and the public. return to the table of contents 7."
"You may see community content that may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable."
"If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the claim or the relief sought in the demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in federal rule of civil procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the aaa rules."
It explains that we don’t make any warranties about our services or content (including any tips you might pick up). return to the table of contents 8.
(3) your infringement or alleged infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any other person or entity.
"All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision.&nbsp."
"Further, unless both you and credit karma agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. 10.7 modifications if credit karma makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to credit karma’s address for notice), you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to credit karma’s address for notice, in which case your account with credit karma will be immediately terminated but this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, will survive. 10.8 enforceability if any provision of this section 10 is unlawful, void, or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision will be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. return to the table of contents 11."
Deactivation and termination 11.1 termination of agreement.
We just need your permission to use your feedback when you give it to us! return to the table of contents 6.
"(3) protect the safety, integrity, rights, or security of our members, our services or equipment, or any third party."
Dispute resolution and arbitration summary a third party arbitrator will help us resolve any disputes we might have.
It is important to read our entire agreement carefully as some of the provisions affect your legal rights. our services your credit karma account limitations and restrictions on use of our services ownership and infringement contributing to our community monitoring of our services and disclosure for administrative and legal reasons disclaimers limitation of liability indemnification dispute resolution and arbitration deactivation and termination miscellaneous 1.
"Some of our services may be subject to additional terms and conditions (“additional terms”), which are posted separately from these terms but are incorporated and form a part of the agreement if you decide to use or access those features."
"You should review all of the relevant terms and conditions associated with third party content or third party services, including any privacy policies and terms of service."
"Each one is pretty quick, so we won’t break them down any further. 12.1 governing law the agreement is governed by the laws of the state of california, excluding conflicts of law provisions. 12.2 entire agreement the terms of the agreement (including the privacy statement, the community rules and any additional terms) constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between credit karma and you in connection with your use of our services or our content. 12.3 changes to the agreement we may modify the agreement at any time."
"I understand that my instructions let credit karma and affiliated companies obtain such information at any time for as long as i have a registered credit karma account to use as described in the terms of service and privacy statement. summary when you register for an account, you’re asking us to create your member profile and access your free credit scores and reports, and other information so we can provide our tools and services, and offer recommendations. return to the table of contents 3."
"And if you’re posting other people’s stuff, we can block your access."
"Use of our services is not a replacement for personal, professional advice or assistance regarding your finances, credit history or fixing your credit rating. summary we aim to be as helpful as we can, but we’re not your professional financial or legal advisor."
"Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by courts."
"Your interactions and business dealings with the providers of the third party content or third party services, including products or services offered by such third parties, are solely between you and the third party."
"This license includes the right to use your name, persona, user name, and likeness for the foregoing purposes without compensating you, all in accordance with our privacy statement. summary we want to create a great experience for you, so please let us know what you think we could do better."
"Apple requirements &nbsp; if you downloaded the credit karma app (the “app”) from the mac app store, the following terms also apply to you: acknowledgement:you acknowledge that this agreement is between you and credit karma only, and not with apple, and credit karma, not apple, is solely responsible for the app and its content. scope of license:the license granted to you for the app is a limited, non-transferable license to use the app on mac product that you own or control and as permitted by the usage rules that are part of the terms of service in the mac app store. maintenance and support:credit karma and not apple is solely responsible for providing any maintenance and support services."
"Disclaimers we provide our services, our content, and all content and materials available through our services “as is” and “as available” without any warranty or condition of any kind, express or implied."
"And (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar laws. intellectual property rights:you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the app or your possession and use of the app infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, credit karma, not apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim. developer contact info:direct any questions, complaints or claims to: credit karma, llc, p.o."
"In that case, you agree to reimburse credit karma for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the aaa rules."
"Credit karma’s address for notice is: credit karma, llc, p.o."
"Nothing in the agreement shall affect any non-waivable statutory rights or remedies that apply to you. 12.7 interpretation the titles and annotations, including the “summary” sections, contained in these terms are inserted only as a matter of convenience and have no legal or contractual effect."
"Responsibility for community content you are solely responsible for the community content that you submit, post, or publish via our services."
"Now for the legal stuff: our terms of service by accessing and using our services (defined below), you are agreeing to these terms of service, our privacy statement, any applicable additional terms (defined below), and our community rules (collectively referred to as the “agreement”)."
Pat yourself on the back and then go enjoy credit karma! &nbsp; 12.8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"Likewise, credit karma will not seek its attorneys’ fees or costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines your claims or defenses are frivolous."
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within fourteen (14) days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.
"You use our services, and use, access, download, or otherwise obtain our content, the community content, or other content available through our services, at your own discretion and risk."
"You assume all risk for any damage that may result from your use of or access to our services, your dealings with any other member or third party, and your use of our content, the community content, or other content available through our services."
"You are permitted to use our content only on our services and you may not copy, modify, sell, reproduce, distribute, republish, display, post, create derivative or collective works from, or transmit in any form (including in-line linking or mirroring) our content, in whole or in part, without our express prior written consent."
"Global trade restrictions you agree that you are not prohibited from receiving the services under the laws of the united states, england, wales, canada or other applicable jurisdiction.&nbsp."
Or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the aaa rules in the county (or parish) of your registered account address.
"We are not responsible for any information that you agree to share with third parties in connection with third party content or third party services. summary we might show you stuff from other companies or even connect you with them, but we’re not legally responsible for anything they do."
"You can contact us here or by u.s. mail at credit karma, llc, p.o."
"(2) enforce this agreement, including to investigate potential violations."
Surviving terms.
We will post modifications to these terms of service on this page.
"Registering for a member account is optional, but if you do not register for an account, you will not be able to access certain aspects of our services. by registering for a credit karma member account, you certify that: you are 18 years of age or older you have a valid u.s. social security number any information you provide to us, both when you register and in the future, is and will be true, accurate, current and complete you are only registering an account for yourself you will keep all information up-to-date you will create a unique password to create and access your credit karma account that is unique to credit karma and not re-used across other, unaffiliated services you must not sell, transfer, or assign your account to anyone else."
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your member account.
And (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“demand“).
"&nbsp;the decision of the arbitrator shall be final and not appealable, and judgement on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. 10.6 no class actions you and credit karma agree that each must bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or a class member in any purported class or representative proceeding."
We disclaim all liability for community content and you hereby waive any legal or equitable right or remedy you have against us with respect the community content.
"Notwithstanding the foregoing, any section of the agreement that by its nature is intended to survive termination of the agreement or your use or access to our services or our content will survive such termination. summary the agreement lasts until your account is deactivated and you completely stop using our services (but there are a few parts that have to live on forever). 11.2 deactivating your member account if you decide you want to deactivate your account you can do so by visiting our help page. return to the table of contents 12."
"By submitting, posting, or publishing community content, you represent and warrant that (a) you are the creator and owner of the community content, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to authorize us and other users to use your community content , and (b) your community content complies with our community rules. we do not endorse, represent, or guarantee the completeness, accuracy, reliability, or usefulness of any community content."
"We’re excited to provide all sorts of free tools and insight to help you better understand your credit and feel more empowered to make financial progress. when you use credit karma, you enter into a legal agreement, which is what you see below."
"Box 30963 oakland, ca 94604 dmca@creditkarma.com to find out more about what you must include in the notice and about the procedures we will follow, click here to read the dmca. credit karma reserves the right to block or otherwise prohibit in our sole discretion any individual who repeatedly posts materials that are alleged to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. summary if you think something on our platform belongs to you, let us know (we’ve outlined the steps above)."
You and us further agree that the federal arbitration act (“faa”) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision.
The agreement will not be construed against credit karma because we drafted it. whew!
"&nbsp;all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including all claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the agreement, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of the agreement."
"If you believe, in good faith, that any of our content or community content infringes your copyrights, you may send a notice of infringement (“notice”) under the federal digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) by email or regular mail to: attention: copyright agent, legal department credit karma, llc p.o."
"Our services may also include features that allow you to connect your credit karma account with accounts or services provided by third parties, such as accounts you maintain with financial institutions or social media platforms like facebook (collectively, “third party services”)."
"To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the app, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be credit karma’s sole responsibility. product claims:credit karma, not apple, is responsible for addressing any user or third party claims relating to the app including: (i) product liability claims."
This means that any dispute will be resolved outside of class-action litigation.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award.
"We do not control, maintain, or endorse the third party content or third party services, and we are not responsible or liable for any third party content or third party services, including any damages, losses, failures, or problems caused by, related to, or arising from third party content or third party services."
No waiver by credit karma of any of the provisions in the agreement will be of any force or effect unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of credit karma. 12.5 assignment credit karma may assign the agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
"Ownership and infringement 4.1 our content all content and materials, including but not limited to images, text, visual interfaces, information, data, and computer code, provided by us through our services (our “content”) and all related intellectual property rights are the property of credit karma and/or its third-party licensors."
"This license includes the right to use your name, persona, username, and likeness without compensating you."
(b) through a non-appearance based telephone hearing.
"By submitting, posting, or otherwise providing us your feedback, you hereby grant us a non-exclusive unrestricted, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sub-licenseable, royalty-free license to use your feedback in any manner and for any purpose to provide, optimize, improve, promote or market our services, and to create new products and services."
Please read this whole section carefully. return to the table of contents 9.
The notice must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
(ii) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
And (ii) between you and our partners whose offers we present.
"You acknowledge that apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the app. warranty:credit karma is solely responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed."
You made it.
"Or (4) any dispute between you and a third party, including any provider of third party content."
Our content is protected by u.s. and international intellectual property laws and treaties.
We love crunching numbers and we use our analysis and experience to provide you with all sorts of content and context about the ins and outs of your financial health—from educational articles to insights about your credit factors. community advice and reviews.
"If you believe that your account is no longer secure, notify us immediately by clicking here. summary our most helpful features require you to register as a credit karma member (it helps us personalize your experience)."
"The credit karma parties reserve the right, at their own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, and you further agree that you will cooperate fully in the defense of any such claims. summary if someone sues us because of something you did, you’re responsible for it, so read the above carefully. 10."
(c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of a pending arbitration.
It is always your choice whether to apply for a product or service offered by our partners and we will never submit an application for a product or service to a partner on your behalf without your consent. 3.3 educational purposes all information on our services is presented for educational purposes only.
"We provide you with free credit reports and scores from one or more of the major credit bureaus, along with free credit monitoring, id monitoring, and an unclaimed property feature, among other things. access to financial product offers."
"You are not permitted to access or use our services in any jurisdiction or country if it would be contrary to the law or regulation of that jurisdiction or if it would subject us to the laws of, or any registration requirement with, such jurisdiction."
"(b) file a complaint with the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available."
"You are solely responsible for any damage to your property (including any computer system or mobile device used in connection with our services), or the loss of data that may result from the use of our services or the use of any of our content, the community content or other content available through our services."
"For additional details on our use of community content, please review our privacy statement. summary we don’t take responsibility for community content that you or other users provide (we think it’ll be great, but we just can’t know for sure). 5.4 license to use your feedback in addition to sharing your community content with the credit karma community, we also encourage you to tell us how we can improve your credit karma experience."
"The methodology we use to determine which offers, analysis, or other information is presented or highlighted is proprietary and we may elect to consider, ignore, emphasize, or de-emphasize certain factors in our sole and absolute discretion. summary when it comes to your financial health, we want to be like a river guide who helps you navigate the financial waters."
"Please don’t reuse it without our written permission. 4.2 our partners’ intellectual property our services may also display certain intellectual property, such as company, product, and service name and logos, that is owned by our partners (our “partners’ intellectual property”)."
"We’ll show you stuff you may find helpful, but it’s up to you to make the final decision about what’s in your financial interest. 3.2 third party offers with respect to offers from our partners, we do not guarantee that you will be presented with offers for any particular types of products or services or that you will meet the approval criteria for any particular offer."
"You also grant to other users of our services a non-exclusive license to access and use your community content in connection with our services. summary you’re giving us permission to use the stuff you post on our platform, like reviews and community advice."
You may not reverse engineer or reverse compile any of our services or the technology used to operate our services.
"By registering, you also specifically consent to let us request and receive your consumer report data and other data about you from third parties to include in your intuit account &nbsp;as follows: i understand that i am providing written instructions in accordance with the fair credit reporting act and other applicable law for credit karma or its affiliated companies to request and receive copies of consumer reports, scores and other information about me from third parties, including, but not limited to, transunion and equifax."
Contributing to our community 5.1 our community rules we encourage you to use our services to interact with other consumers and credit karma members.
"As of the effective date of these terms, our services include the following key features: free credit everything."
"You agree that you have expressly and knowingly waived these rights. 10.2 exceptions despite the provisions of section 10.1, you and us both agree that nothing in the agreement will be deemed to waive, preclude or otherwise limit the right of either of us to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court within its jurisdictional limits under consumer arbitration rule 9(b), even after filing an arbitration."
"If you’re looking for a new financial product, you can check out offers from our partners that are targeted to your individual financial situation, along with tools that help you make a more informed decision, like pre-qualification, approval odds or loan calculators. insights and education."
"If there is a conflict between applicable additional terms and these terms, the additional terms will control. summary credit karma’s tools and services are constantly changing, so you might see features come and go as we continue to improve our experience and services for members."
"The arbitrator also has exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement. you understand and agree that by entering into the agreement and agreeing to arbitration, you and credit karma are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action."
It’s really important to highlight how our liability is limited when it comes to issues you may encounter with our services.
"For example, you are not on the u.s. treasury department’s list of specially designated nationals, canada’s economic sanctions list, the united kingdom hm treasury financial sanctions list, or any other similar prohibition. &nbsp; 12.9&nbsp."
"We may provide you and others with the opportunity on our services (through forums, blogs, message boards, review pages, and similar features) to submit, post, and publish certain content and materials, including messages, reviews, photos, video, images, data, and text (“community content”)."
Return to the table of contents 4.
"Monitoring of our services and disclosure for administrative and legal reasons credit karma has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor our services electronically."
"Most scores are generally based on similar credit factors though, so tracking one or two should still give you a good overview of your credit health. 3.4 not a legal or professional advisor credit karma is not a credit repair organization, credit counselor, or financial or legal advisor as defined under federal or state law."
"No trolls! 5.2 license to your community content by submitting, posting, or publishing your community content on or through our services, you grant to credit karma a non-exclusive, unrestricted, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, sub-licenseable, royalty-free license to publish, host, store, transfer, distribute, modify, create derivative and collective works from, reproduce, display, perform, transmit, process, or otherwise use, in any manner and for any purpose, and in all forms or distribution methods now known or later developed, your community content, in whole or in part, to provide, optimize, improve, and promote or market our services, and to create new products and services."
"Limitations and restrictions on use of our services 3.1 analysis and estimates as described in our privacy statement, we may use your credit report, credit score, and other information we obtain to analyze, sort, and present certain information or features to you. any analysis and estimates we provide as part of our services are for illustrative and informational purposes only."
Visiting from canada or the united kingdom?
"Credit karma, on behalf of itself, its affiliates and its licensors, disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, relating to our services, our content, or the community content, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, quality, accuracy, title and non-infringement, and any warranty arising out of course of dealing, usage or trade. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from our services, our content, the community content, or otherwise available through our services will create any warranty regarding credit karma or any of our services that is not expressly stated in these terms."
"Hopefully, disputes will never be an issue, but you should read this section carefully for details on how it works. 10.1 generally in the interest of resolving disputes between you and credit karma in the most expedient and cost-effective manner, you and credit karma agree that any and all disputes arising in connection with the agreement will be resolved by binding arbitration."
"Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in san francisco, california, but if the claim is for $10,000 or less, or as otherwise required, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator."
"Credit karma may, but is not obligated to, review, monitor, edit, control, distribute, refuse to distribute, block access, re-format, alter, delete, or remove community content for any reason, including to satisfy applicable law, enforce the agreement (including our community rules), or protect the rights, property or safety of credit karma, credit karma users, or any third party, in each case without notice and in our sole and absolute discretion."
Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court.
"You acknowledge that credit karma is solely an intermediary (i) between you and any credit reporting agency or other information providers actually supplying your credit reports, credit scores and other information."
"During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or credit karma must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any."
"The agreement is effective until your member account, if applicable, is deactivated by either you or credit karma and you discontinue all use of our services."
"We invite you to share your knowledge and learn from the wisdom of others in the credit karma community. summary we provide you with a free platform that includes helpful insights, education, offers and all sorts of products and services to help you understand and manage your financial health. we reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to make changes to how we operate and provide our services, including adding new services, modifying existing services, or suspending, discontinuing, or terminating your access to any or all portions of our services."
You should review their terms and policies separately.
"While we’ve tried to make this agreement as clear as possible, it still contains a fair bit of legalese, out of necessity."
"We do not guarantee that the information we present as part of our services, including credit report or credit score information, is the same information that may be used or reviewed by a third party to assess your creditworthiness or eligibility for any particular product or service or for employment. summary the credit scores that lenders and others use may be different than the one you see here."
"We may provide you with opportunities to send us comments, suggestions and other feedback regarding problems with, or proposed modifications or improvements to, our services (“feedback”) through email, social media, feedback forms, surveys, our help center, or other channels."
"We’ve also bolded a few areas that talk about important legal rights, including the following: these terms of service include an agreement to resolve any disputes through binding arbitration that includes a class action waiver, as well as important disclaimers, warranties and limitations on liability. we’re always happy to hear from you if you have any questions or suggestions."
"The aaa rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879, or by contacting credit karma here. 10.4 notice and process a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other by certified mail (“notice“)."
"Our analysis and estimates are neither endorsed by, nor commissioned by, any of our partners."
"Limitation of liability credit karma and its representatives, agents, and any of their respective officers, directors, equity holders, employees, parent entities, subsidiaries, affiliated entities, representatives, agents and licensors (collectively, the “credit karma parties”) will not be liable to you or any third party for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (such as loss of profits, loss of goodwill, loss of use, loss of data, business interruption, or other intangible losses) arising out of or relating in any way to our services, our content or the community content. except as expressly provided in section 10 (dispute resolution and arbitration) or required by applicable law (e.g., any non-waivable rights or remedies), in no event will the total liability of the credit karma parties to you for all claims arising out of or relating to the use of, or any inability to use any portion of, our services, or otherwise arising out of or relating to the agreement, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, exceed in the aggregate one hundred united states dollars ($100.00). if any of the foregoing limitations are found to be invalid, the credit karma parties’ total liability for all damages, losses, or causes of action of any kind or nature whatsoever shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law. summary sorry for the bold and all-caps again."
You must not settle any such claim or matter without the prior written consent of credit karma.
"Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based."
"You are not permitted to use our services to obtain any consumer credit report, score or other consumer information under false pretenses or in violation of the fair credit reporting act or applicable state or federal law. summary you agree you won’t use our services to do anything illegal. 3.7 links to or connections with third party sites or applications our services or communications to you may contain third party content or links to third party sites, applications or services (collectively, “third party content”)."
"You must keep your password confidential, you must not share it and you may not allow anyone else to log into our services as you."
"Box 30963, oakland, ca 94604. third party beneficiary:you acknowledge and agree that apple and apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this agreement, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the agreement, apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the agreement against you as a third party beneficiary thereof. &nbsp; summary the end. &nbsp;"
"Our services when we refer to our “services,” we mean all products and services owned and operated by credit karma, llc or any of its subsidiary companies (collectively, “credit karma,” “we,” or “us”), including the content, features, tools, data, software and functions made available by credit karma through www.creditkarma.com, our mobile applications, and other websites or applications we operate, unless those websites or applications have posted separate or additional terms of service."
The arbitrator shall apply california law to all other matters.
Thanks! 5.3.
(2) your violation or alleged violation of the agreement or your violation or alleged violation of any applicable law.
"Your credit karma account 2.1 general requirements you will need to register for a credit karma member account to access many aspects of our services, like your free credit scores, credit reports, credit monitoring, id monitoring, and personalized offers for products and services from our partners."
Our analysis and estimates are based on certain assumptions and use only the data we have.
So don’t do it! return to the table of contents 5.
"The arbitration proceedings, including any exchanged materials, shall be confidential and you and credit karma agree to use reasonable efforts to streamline the proceedings, including discovery, consistent with the objectives of efficient dispute resolution. 10.5 fees if you commence arbitration in accordance with the agreement, credit karma will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than $10,000, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the aaa rules."
"By continuing to use our services following any modification to these terms, our privacy statement or any additional terms, you are agreeing to the agreement as modified. 12.4 waiver only in writing credit karma’s failure to enforce any of its rights or act with respect to a breach by you or others of the agreement does not constitute a waiver of any rights and will not limit credit karma’s rights with respect to that breach or any subsequent breaches."
These summaries are not a part of the agreement itself.
"You may not assign your rights under the agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without our consent. 12.6 severability if any provision of the agreement is unlawful, void, or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision will be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect."
