text
And (b) be responsible for any filing of any information or tax returns with respect thereto. 5.6.
You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment methods that you provide to us. 5.2.2.
"In the event of any loss or corruption of any data associated with the services, figma will use commercially reasonable efforts to restore the lost or corrupted data from the latest relevant backup maintained by figma. except for the foregoing, figma will not be responsible for any loss, destruction, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or corruption of any data. 7.2."
Use rights.
And (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. 5.
"Certain features of the services may allow you to participate in teams, groups or organizations (each a “group”)."
"We agree to do the same, whether or not you opt out of arbitration."
"By agreeing to these terms and purchasing a subscription, you acknowledge that your subscription has recurring payment features and you accept responsibility for all recurring payment obligations prior to cancellation of your subscription by you or figma."
"The app provider, and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these terms as related to your license to the app, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms, the app provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these terms as related to your license of the app against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof. 7."
"The terms set forth on exhibit b apply to any app accessed through or downloaded from any app store or distribution platform (like the apple app store or google play) where the app may now or in the future be made available (each an ""app provider""). 11.4."
"Agreement to these termsby using the services, you agree to be bound by these terms."
"Our confidential information expressly includes non-public information regarding features, functionality, and performance of the services, including security related information. 6.2 obligations."
"Dollars, non-refundable, and not subject to setoff."
"Upon any termination, discontinuation, or cancellation of services or your account, the following provisions of these terms will survive: service terms, charges and payment (to the extent you owe any fees at the time of termination)."
"Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code, or underlying structure, ideas, know-how, or algorithms relevant to the services (except to the extent that such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law); d."
"If you continue to use the services after such a change, you are indicating that you agree to the modified terms."
"For example, you must be 13 years or older under united states law, or 16 years or older under european union law."
Provisions related to permissions to access user content (to the extent applicable).
Service termsyou agree to comply with the service terms attached as exhibit a.4.
Termination.
"Figma will not be liable for, or be considered to be in breach of or default under these terms on account of, any delay or failure to perform as required by these terms as a result of any cause or condition beyond its reasonable control, so long as it uses commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove those causes of non-performance. 11.8. feedback."
"To cancel, you can either (i) email us at support@figma.com and follow any instructions, if any, we provide to you in response to your cancellation request, or (ii) for some kinds of subscriptions, initiate a cancellation through your account settings within the services."
"The recipient will not disclose the discloser’s confidential information to parties other than the recipient’s employees, contractors, affiliates, agents, or professional advisors (“representatives”) who need to know it and who have a legal obligation to keep it confidential."
You may also cancel your account at any time by sending an email to support@figma.com. 10.3.
"The parties expressly agree that any different or additional terms set forth in any purchase order, vendor portal, code of conduct, or other similar documentation provided by you will not apply between the parties even if signed, acknowledged or accepted by figma, unless figma specifically references this clause and waives its rights.exhibit a – service terms 1."
This section will survive any termination or expiration of these terms. 4.
"For clarity, each authorized user is also responsible for any activity that takes place on their account, and responsible for complying with these terms.exhibit b - app terms1."
We may also periodically authorize your payment method in anticipation of applicable fees or related charges. 5.3.4.
"Furthermore, we may remove or delete your user content within a reasonable period of time after the termination or cancellation of services or your account.11."
"Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the terms, all early access features are provided ""as is"" without warranty of any kind and without any performance obligations. 11.21. entire terms."
And the miscellaneous provisions under section 11.
"For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted. 11.11. severability. the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these terms will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof and it is the intent and agreement of the parties that these terms will be deemed amended by modifying such provision to the extent necessary to render it valid, legal, and enforceable while preserving its intent or, if such modification is not possible, by substituting another provision that is legal and enforceable and that achieves the same objective. 11.12. groups."
Or (ii) by posting to the site.
"(iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment, or harm against any individual or group."
"When you purchase services (each such purchase, a “subscription”), you expressly authorize us or our third-party payment processor to charge you for such services."
"We welcome feedback, comments, and suggestions (“feedback”)."
Accounts.
Cancelling your subscription will not terminate your account.
"For clarity, each member of the group is still responsible for their own compliance with these terms. 11.13. assignment. these terms (and your access to any of the services) are not assignable or transferable by you without our prior written consent. 11.14. service providers."
"We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any services, and we make no guarantees around data retention or preservation."
See section 10 (termination) below for information on terminating your account. 5.5. taxes.
Limitations of liability.
"(ii) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, or offensive."
"The app provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the app or your possession and use of the app, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims."
"You agree that figma may identify you or your company and use your company’s logo and trademarks (collectively, the “marks”) on the site and in marketing materials to identify you or your company as a user of the services, and you hereby grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to do so on our site or in any media now or later developed in connection with any marketing, promotion or advertising of figma or the services."
"Except as otherwise expressly authorized in these terms, customer will not, will ensure its authorized users do not, and will not encourage or assist third parties to: a."
You may only use the services if you are old enough to consent (by yourself and not by a parent or guardian) to share your data under applicable law.
"Except as expressly set forth in these terms, each party retains all right, title, and interest in and to its intellectual property rights."
"For the avoidance of doubt, figma may engage third parties as service providers to the services (for example, as of the date of these terms, figma hosts the services on amazon web services). 11.15. no partnership. no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of these terms, and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other party in any respect whatsoever. 11.16. governing law. these terms will be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of laws provisions."
"You will indemnify and hold harmless figma and its officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the services."
"Welcome to the figma, inc. (“figma”, “us” “we” or “our”) website."
"Except as set forth in section 7.1, the services are provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind."
"If you are paying for a subscription, you may terminate your subscription through the process in section 5.4."
"You must also comply with all applicable third party terms of service when using the app.previous terms of service versions june 3, 2021 april 21, 2021 june 10, 2020 may 1, 2020 july 23, 2019 december 3, 2018 twitteryoutubeinstagramfacebookmanage cookiesuse casesui designux designgraphic designwireframingdiagrammingbrainstormingtemplatesremote designagenciesfigma for educationexploredesign featuresprototyping featuresdesign systems featurescollaboration featuresdesign processfigjampricingfigma organizationcustomerssecurityintegrationscontactresourcesblogbest practicessupportdeveloperslearn designdownloadswhat's newreleasescareersabout usagency partnersprivacystatuscomparesketchadobe xdinvision studioframerdesign on windowsmiromanage cookies"
"In the event of any failure of the app to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the app provider, and the app provider will refund the purchase price for the app to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the app provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the app."
"In the event of any third party claim that the app or your possession and use of that app infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, figma will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by these terms. 6."
"You are solely responsible for any bank fees, interest charges, finance charges, overdraft charges, and any other fees you incur as a result of the charges billed by us. 5.2.3."
"Please note that our fees are subject to change, although we will notify you before we effect any change. 5.3.2."
Use the services to build competitive products or services or otherwise compete with figma or its affiliates; g.
"Figma’s community terms (available at www.figma.com/community-terms/) apply to any use by you of www.figma.com/community or such successor site (“figma community”) that is designated by figma. 11.2. developer resources. figma’s developer terms (available at www.figma.com/developer-terms/) apply to any use by you of figma’s application programming interfaces (apis), software development kits (sdks), and related documentation. 11.3."
"If any such deduction or withholding (including but not limited to cross-border withholding taxes) is required by law, you will pay such additional amounts as are necessary so that the net amount received by us after such deduction or withholding will be equal to the full amount that we would have received if no deduction or withholding had been required."
"We (or our third party payment processor) will automatically charge you in accordance with the term of your subscription (e.g., each month, quarter, or year), on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your subscription using the payment information you have provided. 5.3.3."
"Upload or publish to the services (or otherwise use the services to develop) anything that: (i) is fraudulent, false, misleading, or deceptive."
"Licensesubject to the terms and conditions of these terms, we hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license worldwide, with the exception of countries that are embargoed or designated as supporting terrorist activities by the united states government, for you to access and use the services in connection with your internal business operations.5."
Confidentiality.
"Please read these terms of service (the “terms”) carefully because they govern your use of our websites including figma.com, designsystems.com and any other websites that we may later own or operate (each, a “site,” and collectively, the “sites”)."
Your rights and obligations with respect to certain services will be based in part on the pricing plan you choose. 5.2. payment terms. 5.2.1.
Authorization for recurring payments. 5.3.1.
Authorized users.
"The arbitration may be conducted in writing, remotely (e.g., by videoconference), in san francisco, california, united states or at some other location that we both agree to. how do i start an arbitration proceeding? to begin an arbitration proceeding against us, send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to legal@figma.com, 760 market st, floor 10, san francisco, ca 94102."
"The arbitrator can award the same relief as a court could, including monetary damages."
"Notwithstanding the foregoing, the recipient may disclose the discloser’s confidential information: (a) if directed by discloser."
"Confidentiality.6.1 confidential information. we (the “discloser”) have disclosed or may disclose proprietary or non-public business, technical, financial, or other information (“confidential information”) to you (the “recipient”)."
Each of these provisions is severable and independent of all other provisions of this agreement.
Upload or publish to the services anything that does or would violate the intellectual property rights of others; j.
The limitations in this section 9 will apply to the maximum extent not prohibited by law and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy in this agreement.10.
"For example, if you started a monthly subscription on january 31st, your next payment date is likely to be february 28th, and your payment method would be billed on that date."
"Our privacy policy (www.figma.com/privacy) governs how we collect, use and disclose information from the services. 11.5. copyright and ip policy."
"Customer represents and warrants that all registration information, including with respect to customer’s domains, customer provides is truthful, accurate, and complete, and that customer will maintain the accuracy of such information."
"Customer is responsible and liable for maintaining control over customer’s account, including the confidentiality of customer’s username and password, and is responsible and liable for all activities that occur on or through customer’s account and all authorized users’ accounts, whether authorized by customer or not."
Limitations of liability.9.1.
Cancelling subscriptions5.4.1.
"We may also change or discontinue all or any part of the services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion. 3."
"Accordingly, unless you opt out of arbitration, you and we both are waiving the right to pursue or have a dispute resolved as a plaintiff or member in any class, representative or consolidated action. what rules apply in the arbitration? the arbitration will be conducted under the american arbitration association (“aaa”) consumer arbitration rules (the “aaa rules”)."
"Rent, lease, distribute, sell, transfer, or otherwise permit third parties to use the services; b."
"In the event your subscription begins on a day not contained in a later month, your payment method will be charged on such other day as we deem appropriate."
"By entering into these terms, you and figma are each waiving the right to trial by jury. this section 11.17 only applies to claims between us and individuals, and is governed by the federal arbitration act. 11.18. dispute resolution for entities."
Warranties.7.1.
(iv) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity.
Withholding.
"We may terminate your access to and use of the services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice or liability to you, provided that, if you have paid for a subscription and the termination is not due to your breach of this agreement, figma will refund you any prepaid fees for the period of your subscription that extends beyond the effective date of such termination. 10.2."
"Unless required by law, you will not receive a refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current subscription period at the time of cancellation. 5.4.2."
"You acknowledge and agree that:these terms are concluded between you and figma, and not with the app provider, and figma (not the app provider), is solely responsible for the app. 2."
"The united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods is specifically disclaimed. 11.17. dispute resolution for individuals you and we both agree to resolve disputes related to your use of the services or these terms (each, a “claim”) in binding arbitration instead of court, except that either party may bring suit in court to enjoin the infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights. what is arbitration? arbitration does not involve a judge or jury."
Use restrictions.
"If you don’t agree to these terms, do not use the services."
"Additionally, figma will have the right to collect and analyze data and other information relating to the provision, use, and performance of various aspects of the services, and related systems and technologies, and figma will be free to use such data and information to maintain, improve, and enhance figma’s products and services. 11.9. publicity."
All fees are stated and solely payable in u.s.
Charges and payment5.1. pricing.
We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. 3.
"Without limiting the foregoing, we explicitly disclaim any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet enjoyment, and non-infringement and any warranties arising out of course of dealing or usage of trade. 7.3. non-figma resources. figma does not warrant, support, nor accept responsibility of any kind for any application(s) and/or material(s) that are developed by a party outside of figma’s organization, including design files, plugins, component libraries, and code components (“non-figma resources”)."
"Upload to the services or use the services to transmit or store any software viruses, trojan horses, worms, or other destructive program or code. although we’re not obligated to monitor the services or user content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the services, to ensure compliance with these terms, or to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. we reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any user content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any user content to be objectionable, in violation of these terms or the law."
(ii) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
"All pricing plans involve recurring fees (each, along with any applicable taxes and other charges are a “subscription fee”)."
Figma respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
"If you do not want us to use your marks or identify you or your company, you may opt out by emailing us at logo@figma.com. 11.10. notices. any notices or other communications provided by figma under these terms, including those regarding modifications to these terms, will be given by figma: (i) via e-mail."
Access or use the services in a manner intended to avoid incurring fees; k.
How much does it cost? the arbitration will be conducted by the aaa or a comparable arbitration body in the event the aaa is unable to conduct the arbitration.
"Subscription fees do not include taxes, and you agree to: (a) pay all sales/use, gross receipts, value-added, gst, personal property, or other tax (including any interest and penalties) with respect to the transactions and payments under these terms, other than taxes based on our income, employees, or real property."
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
"If you are accessing and using the services on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these terms."
"Further, all payments made by you to us under these terms will be made free and clear of any deduction or withholding."
You may cancel your subscription at any time but please note that such cancellation will only be effective at the end of the then-current subscription period.
"As we need to be able to freely work with your feedback to improve the services, you hereby irrevocably transfer and assign all right, title, and interest (including all intellectual property rights, such as copyrights or trade secrets) in and to the feedback, including any and all “moral rights” that you might have in such feedback, and you hereby forever waive and agree never to assert any and all “moral rights” you may have in the feedback."
You will be responsible for all subscription fees incurred for the then-current subscription period.
"Our mobile applications (“apps”), our application program interfaces (“apis”), our software development kits (“sdks”) and our collaboration tools and other products and services we may later own or operate (collectively, with the sites, apps, apis, and sdks, the “services”). arbitration notice: unless you opt out of arbitration within 30 days of the date you first agree to these terms by following the opt-out procedure specified in the “dispute resolution” section below, these terms will, with limited exception, require you to submit claims you have against us to binding and final arbitration solely on an individual basis, and not as part of a class, representative or consolidated action.1."
"Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa rules. unless the arbitrator finds your claim frivolous, we’ll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees if your claim is for less than $10,000, and we won’t seek our attorneys’ fees and costs if we prevail in the arbitration."
"While court review of an arbitration award is limited, if a party fails to comply with the arbitrator’s decision, then the other party can have the arbitration decision enforced by a court. can a claim be part of a class action or similar proceeding? no."
Who may use the services.
"Changes to the terms or services we may modify the terms at any time, at our sole discretion."
"If you are accessing and using the services on behalf of a company or other legal entity, any claim, cause of action, or dispute between the company or other legal entity and figma arising out of or relating to these terms or the services will be resolved exclusively accordingly to the process set forth in section 11.17, except that, to the extent legally permitted, (1) each party will be responsible for their own filing, administrative, arbitrative and similar fees, (2) the losing party will pay the prevailing party for all costs and attorney’s fees and (3) the aaa commercial arbitration rules will apply to any arbitration between us. 11.19. interpretation. whenever the words “including,” “include,” or “includes” are used herein, they will be deemed to be followed by the phrase “without limitation.” 11.20. beta features. product features clearly identified as alpha or beta features (collectively “early access features”) made available by figma are provided to you for testing purposes only, and figma does not make any commitment to provide early access features in any future versions of the services."
And (ii) you are not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties. 8.
The recipient will ensure that its representatives are subject to no less restrictive confidentiality obligations than those herein.
"Reproduce, modify, adapt, or create derivative works based on the services; e."
"Privacy policy marketing personalization analytics save accept all productsintroducing figjam betaan online whiteboard for teamsdesignprototypingdesign systemsdownloadsenterpriseoverviewcustomerscontact salespricingcommunityfiles and templates1,000+ free files you can duplicate, remix, and reusepluginsextend what’s possible and automate workevents and livestreamsbest practiceseducation programuser groupscompanyblogcareersour storyhelp centerlog insign upsign upsign upterms of service last updated: august 19, 2021."
"Certain services are offered under different pricing plans, the limits and features of which are available at www.figma.com/pricing, and further governed by https://www.figma.com/pricing-faq/."
"In no event will figma or suppliers’ total liability arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the services exceed the amounts you have paid to figma in the preceding twelve months for the services, or if you have not had any such payment obligations, one hundred united states dollars ($100). 9.3."
Miscellaneous.11.1. community.
Circumvent or disable any security or other technological features or measures of the services; c.
"Neither figma nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the services (“suppliers”) will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or goodwill, service interruption, computer damage, system failure, or the cost of substitute services arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability, or any other legal theory, and whether or not figma has been informed of the possibility of such damage."
You may cease use of the services at any time.
Patent assertion entities.
"Or (b) to the extent required by applicable legal process, provided that the recipient uses commercially reasonable efforts to (i) promptly notify the discloser in advance, to the extent permitted by law, and (ii) comply with the discloser’s reasonable requests regarding its efforts to oppose the disclosure."
"Instead, a neutral person (the “arbitrator”) hears each party’s side of the dispute and makes a decision that is finally binding on both parties."
Or (vi) otherwise violates any of figma’s acceptable use policies or community guidelines; i.
"If you are a patent assertion entity or are acting on behalf of, or for the benefit of a patent assertion entity, you will not assert, or authorize, assist, encourage, or enable any third party to assert, any claim, or pursue any actions, suits, proceedings, or demands, against figma or its affiliates that allege that the services infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any intellectual property rights (including patents)."
Remove any proprietary notices or labels from the services; f.
8.
Warranty disclaimers.
2.
9.
The aaa rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. how will the arbitration be conducted?
"A “patent assertion entity,” sometimes referred to as a ‘non-practicing entity’ or a ‘patent troll,’ is (a) any entity that derives or seeks to derive most of its revenue from the offensive assertion of patent rights, or (b) directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with an entity described in (a)."
Accessing apps.
"Depending on which options you choose, those fees may recur each month, quarter or year thereafter, at the then-current rate."
"In the event that you fail to pay the full amount owed to us, we may limit your access to the services, in addition to any other rights or remedies we may have. 5.3."
Or (iii) your violation of these terms.
Privacy policy.
"Each provision of this agreement that provides for a limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranties, or exclusion of damages is to allocate the risks of this agreement between the parties."
Use the services other than in compliance with the documentation and applicable laws and regulations.
"As between the parties, figma owns all right, title, and interest in the services, and you own all right, title, and interest in any application(s) and/or material(s) that are developed by you on the services or uploaded to the services by you."
"You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo, or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a terrorist- supporting country."
"Upload or publish to the services any data subject to specific governmental regulation, such as sensitive data as defined under gdpr, medical information, financial information, or government identifiers; h."
"We make no warranty that the services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis."
These terms supersedes all other agreements between the parties relating to its subject matter.
(v) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances.
"In that case, “you” and “your” will refer to that company or other legal entity.2."
Figma’s copyright and ip policy applies to you and is available at www.figma.com/copyright-and-ip-policy. 11.6. ownership.
Indemnity.
This allocation is reflected in the pricing offered by figma to you and is an essential element of the basis of the bargain between the parties.
Figma may immediately and without notice remove early access features for any reason without liability to you.
"If we do so, we will let you know either by posting the modified terms on the site or through other communications."
"Each party will use commercially reasonable efforts to work with the other party to help obtain, reduce, or eliminate any necessary withholding, deduction, or royalty tax exemptions where applicable.6."
Termination.10.1.
Your subscription continues until cancelled by you or we terminate your access to or use of the services or the subscription in accordance with these terms.5.4.
"You must opt-out within 30 days of the date you first agree to these terms or any updated terms. dispute resolution in the absence of arbitration the sole jurisdiction and venue for any claims that are not handled by arbitration will be the state and u.s. federal courts located in san francisco, california, and both parties consent to the jurisdiction of such courts."
"Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of figma. 4."
You are not obligated to use early access features.
"As part of the registration process, customer will identify an administrative username and password for customer’s figma account."
The app provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the app. 3.
The recipient will use the discloser’s confidential information only for the purpose of evaluating whether or not to use (or continue to use) the services.
"This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics."
Or l.
The obligations set forth herein will survive for so long as these terms are in effect between the parties and for five years thereafter.7.
"If we request arbitration against you we will give you notice at the email address or street address you provided. instructions for opting-out of arbitration if you don’t want to agree to arbitrate your claims as explained above, then you can opt-out of this arbitration agreement by notifying us of your decision in writing at legal@figma.com, 760 market st, floor 10, san francisco, ca 94102."
"In those situations, the administrator, owner, or equivalent of the group (“admin”) is responsible for the compliance of these terms by each other member of the group, payment of the subscription fee (if applicable), and all matters related to the group."
(ii) your user content.
9.2.
"You agree to resolve your claims with us solely on an individual basis, and not as part of a class, representative or consolidated action."
"All rights not expressly granted are reserved, and no license, covenant, immunity, transfer, authorization, or other right will be implied, by reason of statute, estoppel, or otherwise, under these terms. 11.7. force majeure."
