text
"Sharing referral linksreferrals links should only be used for personal and non-commercial purposes, and only shared with personal connections that will appreciate receiving these invitations.5."
"Referral programfor the referral program, gladly will distribute ""referral links"" to the gladly community."
"Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the gladly entities disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied, of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. the gladly entities make no warranty and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the website or any content."
"(ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the website, including without limitation, any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties."
"In such a case, gladly will evenly distribute that cause's unpaid earnings to all other causes on the website. if at any time the administration of a cause for which gladly raises revenue requests that gladly remove the cause from the website or discontinue all payments to said cause, gladly will comply within fourteen (14) days from the date of receiving a written request from a verifiable member of the cause's administration."
"Or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources."
"If you have any questions, please contact the gladly team.1."
"Payments to causesgladly's mission is the payment of advertising revenue generated to nonprofit charity organizations (""cause"" or ""causes"") that users care about."
Gladly is not operated by any members of administration from the causes listed on the website.3.
Gladly may require evidence of the user's ownership of the material prior to complying with the request.4.
"Any displayed dollar amount ""raised"", ""given"", or ""earned"" simply indicates that gladly has designated funds for payment to a particular cause, and in no way reflects when the cause actually receives these funds. all dollar amounts listed on the website represent united states dollars. although gladly makes payments of user-generated funds to the causes users designate, all user-generated funds are considered the wholly-owned revenue of gladly and all payments to causes are considered payments directly from gladly to the designated causes."
"Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by the gladly entities of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources."
"In such a case, gladly will evenly distribute that cause's unpaid earnings to all other causes on the website. by listing a cause on its website or raising revenue for a cause, gladly does not necessarily imply any formal relationship with that cause."
"Reproduction and display of contentgladly, to the best of its knowledge, does not reproduce or display any content to which gladly does not have the right to reproduce or display. any photos or written content reproduced from other sources are photos or written content that were explicity licensed with a creative commons license for commercial use at the time of their obtainment. all users must agree to owning all rights to their submitted content and give gladly the right to reproduce and display that content on the website and in all marketing material."
"User-submitted content is reproduced and displayed on good faith that the user who submitted the content owned all rights to the content. if at any time a the owner of any content reproduced or displayed on the website requests that the owner's content be removed from the website, gladly will comply with that request within fourteen (14) days of receiving the request."
"This document applies to gladly (""gladly"", tab for a cause"", ""search for a cause"", ""us"", ""our"", or ""we""), and by using the website in any way, you agree to these terms in their entirety."
"You understand and agree that the website is provided to you on an ""as is"" and ""as available"" basis."
"(ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the website or any content."
Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited.a.
"You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources. c. limitation of liabilityto the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the gladly entities shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, good-will, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the website."
Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law.
Your continued use of this site after any change in these terms will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Links the website may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
"If a referred user uses your referral link to sign up and become a user of gladly, then the referred user shall be considered a ""qualifying user"" and you will be eligible for the referral reward."
"Users must be aware that they may not legally attempt to deduct from their taxes any amounts ""raised"" on gladly and that to do so may be illegal in the user's tax jurisdiction.2."
"Or (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content. in no event shall the aggregate liability of the gladly entities exceed the greater of one hundred u.s."
"Terms of servicewe strive to maintain a website that is clear, honest, and easy to use.gladly is the creator and owner of tab for a cause and search for a cause (collectively, ""gladly""). below are our terms and conditions of use (""terms"") that govern gladly's relationship with its users and others who interact with gladly.io, tab.gladly.io, search.gladly.io, or other *.gladly.io subdomains (collectively, the ""website"") and any information, text, graphics, photos or other materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the website (collectively referred to as ""content"")."
"We may relax this criterion in some situations, such as when the cause has not yet been evaluated by third-party evaluators. gladly reserves all rights to choose the causes that are to operate on the website. gladly reserves the right to remove a cause from its website or discontinue all payments to a cause at any time and without reason."
"No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the gladly entities or through the website, will create any warranty not expressly made herein.b."
"Disclaimers and limitations of liabilityplease read this section carefully because it limits the liability of gladly and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (collectively, the ""gladly entities"")."
"Selection and continuance of causescauses that operate on the website are selected based on whether they: are geographically broad in scope (for example, national or international in scope) are 501(c)(3) organizations maintain accessible and transparent financial statements are top-rated for efficiency by a third-party cause evaluator (for example, rated 3 or 4 stars on causenavigator.org)."
"The website is available ""as-is""your access to and use of the website or any content are at your own risk."
Gladly will at its sole discretion determine which referred users are approved as qualifying users on gladly.a.
Gladly encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its terms.
(iii) any content obtained from the website.
"And (iv) whether the website will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis."
"A ""referral link"" is a unique url for you to distribute to eligible friends, family and other third parties (each, a ""referred user"")."
"Dollars (u.s. $100.00) or the amount you paid gladly, if any, in the past six months for the website giving rise to the claim. the limitations of this subsection shall apply to any theory of liability, whether based on warranty, contract, statute, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, and whether or not the gladly entities have been informed of the possibility of any such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.changes to terms gladly may change its terms from time to time, and in gladly's sole discretion."
"The following terms govern gladly's payments to causes: any ""raised"", ""given"", and ""earned"" dollar amounts are our team's good-faith projections of how much advertising revenue users have earned based on their usage of the gladly website."
You acknowledge and agree that the gladly entities are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources.
"Please note that in the case that gladly does not receive payment from its partners for any reason, including but not limited to advertisement click-fraud, gladly is not responsible for making any payments to causes and reserves the right to modify the displayed dollar amounts accordingly. gladly's payments to causes are made within 120 days of the end of every fiscal quarter."
"(iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any content and other communications maintained by the website."
"Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you."
"Users have no legal claim to redeem these funds from gladly, nor any legal claim to exert control over these funds in any way."
