text
"You understand that when using the services, you will be exposed to content from a variety of sources, and that id cloud services ltd is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such content."
Any views expressed on the website do not reflect the views of id cloud services ltd. account termination policy anyone using icedrive services must comply with the icedrive agreement and privacy policy.
You use the services of id cloud services ltd at your own risk.
"Nothing in the agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits. the services by visiting the icedrive website, using any content, products or services provided to you on, from, or through the icedrive website (collectively the ""services"") the agreement applies to all users of the services, including users who contribute content."
There are lots of other great web sites for you.
"If any inconsistency exists between the terms of the agreement and any additional terms and conditions posted on the services, such terms shall be interpreted as to eliminate any inconsistency, if possible, and otherwise, the additional terms and conditions shall control."
"You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against id cloud services ltd with respect thereto, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, agree to indemnify and hold harmless id cloud services ltd, its owners, operators, affiliates, licensors, and licensees to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the services."
"Valid requests will be serviced after notice with sufficient information. for more information, please see our full dmca policy. warranty disclaimer you agree that your use of the services shall be at your sole risk."
Contact icedrive customer service to request a refund for unused months of prepaid services.
"In states not allowing exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, id cloud services ltd and any third party provider shall be limited to the greatest extent of the law. the services are controlled and offered by id cloud services ltd from its facilities in the united kingdom."
"If you are dissatisfied with anything related to the icedrive website, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of the services."
"Invade any person's right of privacy or publicity or otherwise violate, misappropriate or infringe the rights of any person ; export or re-export content in violation of the export or import laws of the united states or without all required approvals, licenses and exemptions ; post any links to any external internet sites that are obscene or pornographic, or display pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind. your use of the content in addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of the content."
Your continued use of the website and any associated services indicates your acceptance of the agreement and you agree to be bound by such modification or revisions .
"The services includes all aspects of id cloud services ltd, including but not limited to, all products, software and services offered via the icedrive website. id cloud services ltd may change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or content, without prior notice or liability. https://icedrive.net may contain links to third party websites."
"In the case of free users, creating multiple registrations; impersonate another person, whether real or fictional; permit any third parties to use your name and password; violate or attempt to violate id cloud services ltd systems or interfere with the normal use of the services by users; post advertisements, promotions or solicitations of business; transmit any form of solicitation or spam; submit any content that falsely implies sponsorship of the content by the services, falsify or delete any author attribution in any content, or promote any information that you know is false or misleading; distribute an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's trademarked or copyrighted work; distribute content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, harassing, threatening, unlawful or promotes or encourages illegal activity ; distribute content that violates the rights of others, such as distributing content that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or violates any right of privacy or publicity, or that is libelous or defamatory, or that directs any user to the content of a third party without consent of the third party; defame or libel any person."
Your data will remain in an inactive account for a period of 90 days.
You acknowledge your use of content is at your sole risk. https://icedrive.net content may contain links to external sites.
You will comply with laws regarding transmission of data. content is provided to you as is.
Repeated policy violations may result in account termination.
Id cloud services ltd maintains multiple copies of active files.
To renew an inactive account you will need to add funds in your my account page.
"However, id cloud services ltd is not responsible for any availability of or the content on or through any external site. your content and conduct you shall be solely responsible for your own content and the consequences of storing or distributing your content on the services."
You bear full responsibility and sole liability for any lost or irrecoverable data.
Id cloud services ltd reserves the right to terminate your access to any and/or all parts of the services at any time for any reason without prior notice or liability.
"Id cloud services ltd does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the services or any hyperlinked services or featured in any banner or other advertising, and id cloud services ltd will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services."
"This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these terms of service and your use of the services. ability to accept terms of service icedrive services are available to anyone over the age of 13, in observance of and compliance with the children's online privacy protection act."
You agree to pay all account charges and any applicable taxes and other fees that accrue in relation to your use of the services.
"As with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgment and exercise caution limitation of liability neither id cloud services ltd nor any third party provider shall be liable to you or any third party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages whatsoever arising out of the use of or inability to use the services, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
"Discontinue use of the services, if advised by your physician or you experience epileptic symptoms. icedrive accounts to access or benefit from some of the services or features on icedrive, you will have to create a icedrive account."
"Your acceptance this id cloud services ltd terms of service, in conjunction with the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of use which are incorporated herein by reference and may be posted and applicable to specific services, governs your use of the icedrive website, is a legally binding contract, and are collectively referred to as the ""agreement"". by visiting the icedrive website, using any content, products or services provided to you on, from, or through the icedrive website (collectively the ""services"" or ""packages"") or by checking the box next to ""i agree to the terms, privacy, refund and cancellation policies"", you are signifying that you have read the agreement, that you understand the agreement, and you agree to be bound by all of the terms of the agreement."
You may cancel a subscription at any time through your my account page.
"You understand and agree that id cloud services ltd reserves the right to delete, move, archive (including account information) or edit any content that it may determine violates the agreement and/or privacy policy or is otherwise unacceptable and may terminate your access to the services, without prior notice and at its sole discretion . you control your data account and/or cookies which may be placed on your computer."
"To the fullest extent permitted by law, id cloud services ltd, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the services and your use thereof. neither id cloud services ltd nor any provider of any third party content warrants that the services will be uninterrupted or error free or makes any warranty of the results to be obtained from use of the services or content."
"Id cloud services ltd reserves the right to determine what is harmful to its users, operations or reputation, including any activities that restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the services."
Id cloud services ltd bears no responsibility for maintaining your data indefinitely. you are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the services.
"By use of the services, you expressly relieve id cloud services ltd from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website."
Your account will remain active for the remainder of the term for which you have previously paid after which it will become inactive.
You agree that you assume all risk as to the quality and performance of the services and the accuracy and completeness of the content.
"Id cloud services ltd reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with the id cloud services ltd defense of such claim."
"Due to the nature of crypto payments, cryptocurrencies cannot be refunded. you agree while using icedrive, that you may not: alter or modify any part of the services; use the services for any illegal purpose ; use any robot, spider, offline readers, site search and/or retrieval application, or other device to retrieve or index any portion of the services, with the exception of public search engines ; transmit any viruses, worms, defects, trojan horses or other items of a contaminating or destructive nature; upload any content that includes code hidden or otherwise contained within the content which is unrelated to the content; reformat or frame any portion of any web page that is part of the services without the express permission of id cloud services ltd; collect or harvest any personal identifiable information or account names or solicit users; will not over use or over consume more resources than your allocated plan accounts for."
"Refund policy we believe in our product and offer a full, 14-day money back guarantee on all purchases."
"If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the service."
"The terms of the agreement and privacy policy shall survive any termination of your access to the services. when id cloud services ltd removes content for policy violations, the user who posted the content will be notified of the violation via email."
"Both the services and content are distributed on an ""as is, as available"" basis."
"Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you. you affirm that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in the agreement, and to abide by and comply with these terms of service. odr notice if you wish to use the eu office for dispute resolution (http://ec.europa.eu/odr) submit your case using our contact form."
"If you do not fully and completely agree to the terms of the agreement and you, as a responsible user, choose to continue to use the services, you will be bound to the terms of the agreement. id cloud services ltd may modify the agreement which will become effective immediately upon its posting to the website ."
"You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to distribute content through the services. for clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your content. id cloud services ltd does not endorse any content stored on or distributed through the services and id cloud services ltd expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with content."
"If any provision of the agreement is deemed unenforceable due to law or change in law, such a provision shall be disregarded and the balance of the agreement shall remain in effect. you and id cloud services ltd agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred. please submit reports of any violations to our abuse department."
"Those who access or use the services from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law. indemnity you agree to indemnify, defend and hold id cloud services ltd and its affiliates, and both id cloud services ltd and their respective officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, information providers and licensors harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, losses, damages, obligations, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, incurred by any id cloud services ltd party in connection with any content or use of the services, whether via your password and by any other person, whether or not authorized by you."
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your access information and are responsible for all activities that occur utilizing your information.
"Neither id cloud services ltd nor any third party makes any warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to the services or content or any products or services sold through the services. neither id cloud services ltd nor any third party warrant that any files available for downloading through the services will be free of viruses or similar contamination or destructive features."
"Anyone, including business entities, not in compliance may be removed and banned from the services without prior notice."
"If any provision of the agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, (i) such provision shall be interpreted in such a manner as to preserve, to the maximum extent possible, the intent of the parties, (ii) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (iii) such decision shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision under other circumstances. no failure in delay in exercising or enforcing this policy shall constitute a waiver of the agreement or any other right or remedy."
"Id cloud services ltd will not be liable for any losses you might suffer due to account insecurity or personal misplacement of passwords or keys. icedrive subscription accounts terms and conditions id cloud services ltd services are automatically renewed for successive terms, with recurring credit card charges or other payment method selected by you, unless terminated or cancelled by you or id cloud services ltd as provided in the agreement."
"Id cloud services ltd may, without compensation or proration, cancel your subscription in the event of nonpayment or dispute of payment or if you violate any terms or conditions of the agreement."
Id cloud services ltd makes no representations that the services are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
"Id cloud services ltd is not responsible or liable for any unauthorized access to or alteration of your content or for any violation of its agreement. for clarity, id cloud services ltd assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our services, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our services, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through our services by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the services."
"Each complaint will be investigated and appropriate action will be taken. dmca: digital millennium copyright act if your copyrighted or trademarked works are being distributed through the services without your permission, please use our abuse reporting tool or email our designated copyright agent at dmca.agent@icedrive.net, and describe the work that has been infringed, where it is located on the website, and provide your contact information and a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate and that you are the owner, or authorized by the owner, of the copyrighted or trademarked work."
The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between id cloud services ltd and you.
"Light patterns, like those displayed when using the services, may result in epileptic seizures in some people."
Complaints about violators of our policies should be submitted to our support department.
"Assignment these terms of service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by id cloud services ltd without restriction. general these terms of service, together with the privacy policy and any other legal notices published by id cloud services ltd on the services, the agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter."
"""content"" includes text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features and other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to the services."
In no event will id cloud services ltd aggregate liability to your or any third party for any and all claims arising out of or in connection with the use of the services exceed one hundred dollars ($100).
"Since there is no fixed contract and users may cancel at any time, id cloud services ltd does not offer refunds on subscription payments."
