text
"Producer rewards metacafe is no longer accepting videos into the producer reward program and is terminating the producer rewards program with respect to previously accepted videos on june 30, 2009. espn content the web site includes content that is provided to metacafe by espn."
"Last updated: october 3, 2012. all rights reserved."
Metacafe reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases.
"Conditions, together with the privacy policy at privacy policy and any other legal notices published by metacafe on the web site, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and metacafe concerning the web site."
Conditions. you retain all of your ownership rights in your user submissions.
"If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the web site-there are lots of other great web sites for you."
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these terms &amp.
And (ii) you have the written consent and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the user submission to use their name or likeness as contemplated by the web site and these terms &amp.
"You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure."
"By using the web site, you expressly release metacafe from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website."
Metacafe has complete discretion over whether to display your user submission on the web site. you shall be solely responsible for your own user submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them.
"You understand that whether or not such user submissions are published, metacafe does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any user submissions."
Home latest popular trending categories art animation comedy cool commercials cooking entertainment how to music &amp.
"&lt;div style=""display:none;""&gt."
"End-user agrees that espn, the walt disney company, and their subsidiary and affiliated companies and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and assigns will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions in the espn content or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part of the espn content, or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. warranty disclaimer you agree that your use of the web site shall be at your sole risk."
You must notify metacafe immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
"Conditions is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms &amp."
Tech sports travel &amp.
"If you believe that your content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide metacafe’s copyright agent the following information: (i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site. (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material."
Wings other 18+ only fashion log in / sign up latest popular trending categories art animation comedy cool commercials cooking entertainment how to music &amp.
"You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the web site with respect to their user submissions (as defined below). metacafe has the right to terminate your access to the web site, in its sole discretion, immediately and with or without cause. intellectual property rights the content on the web site, including all user submissions, including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos and interactive features (""content"") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (""marks""), are owned by or licensed to metacafe."
"And (ii) the web site shall be deemed a passive web site that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over metacafe, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than the state of california."
Conditions will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.
Any claim or dispute between you and metacafe that arises in whole or in part from the web site or these terms &amp.
"Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect."
If any provision of these terms &amp.
Events people &amp.
(v) you will not disrupt servers or networks connected to the web site.
"(iv) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, publicity or privacy right."
"Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and a party's failure to assert any right or provision under these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision."
Animals science &amp.
"Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred."
You will be liable for any use made of your account or password and the losses of metacafe or others due to such unauthorized use.
"You may notify metacafe to remove the user submission from the web site, and metacafe will do so within a reasonable time period, at which point the foregoing license to metacafe will terminate other than with respect to usages by metacafe prior to such removal. you also hereby grant each user of the web site or other viewer of the user submission a non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such user submissions, all for non-commercial and personal use. you agree that you will not: (i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the user submission and to grant metacafe all of the license rights granted herein."
Your use of the web site following any amendment of these terms &amp.
"(iii) you will not send unsolicited or unauthorized advertisements, spam, chain letters, etc., (iv) you will not transmit any content which contains software viruses, or other harmful computer code, files or programs."
"You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the web site or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the web site. user submissions the web site facilitates the submission of videos or other content by you and other users (""user submissions"") and the hosting and publishing of such user submissions."
"Content on the web site is provided to you ""as is"" for your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, reverse engineered, de-compiled, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without metacafe’s prior written consent."
"&lt;img src=""//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-81loej2n3pmz2.gif"" border=""0"" height=""1"" width=""1"" alt=""quantcast""/&gt."
"To the fullest extent permitted by law, metacafe, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the web site and your use thereof."
If you do not agree to these terms &amp.
You may never use another individual or entity’s account without that individual or entity’s permission.
Conditions.
Stories pets &amp.
"(ii) you will not copy, distribute or modify any part of the web site without metacafe’s prior written authorization."
"Metacafe will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account. you agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, ""robots,"" ""spiders,"" and ""offline readers,"" that accesses the web site in a manner that sends more request messages to the metacafe servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional on-line web browser."
"You acknowledge that access to certain content which may be available through the web site and which depict violence, or contain images of nudity, sexual acts, or other sexual material (""mature content"") is permitted only if you are over the minimum age applicable in your jurisdiction (often but not necessarily 18 or 21). copyright and content policy metacafe respects the intellectual property rights of others, and requests you to do the same."
Do not sell my personal informationexercise your consumer right to opt out. opt out successfulthank you for exercising your right to opt outpersonalized advertisementspersonalized advertisements turning this off will opt you out of personalized advertisements on this website.confirm
"Metacafe does not endorse any user submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and metacafe expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user submissions. you understand that when using the web site, you will be exposed to user submissions from a variety of sources, and that metacafe is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such user submissions."
"The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.you specifically acknowledge that metacafe shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. indemnity you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless metacafe, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of the web site."
"However, by submitting the user submissions to metacafe, you hereby grant metacafe, in addition to any other rights which it has pursuant to any other program established by metacafe, a worldwide, non-exclusive and transferable license to use, copy, prepare derivative works of (including without limitation, to rename, edit, shorten, split the videos into different segments, and use the entire video or segments as part of compilations), display, and perform the user submissions in connection with the web site and metacafe’s (and its successor's) business, including without limitation to grant access to the web site to third parties to view the user submission (and derivative works thereof)."
Conditions apply to all users of the web site.
"If you download or print a copy of the content for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein."
"Conditions, and to comply with these terms of use."
Conditions for any changes.
(ii) your violation of these terms &amp.
"Providing urls in an email enables us to most efficiently locate and remove the infringing material. (iv) information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. (v) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed metacafe’s copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: by mail: copyright agent metacafe, llc 2255 3rd st. san francisco, ca 94103 by email: cr-agent@metacafe.com please also note that under section 512(f) of the us copyright act any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability."
"Conditions, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by metacafe without restriction and without notice to any party. general you agree that: (i) the web site shall be deemed solely based in california."
"Metacafe is not affiliated with those websites, has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites."
(ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage metacafe or any third party.
"Conditions your acceptance by using or visiting this web site (together with all content available through the metacafe.com domain name and other sites owned, operated or controlled by metacafe, llc (""metacafe"") (the ""web site""), or submitting content to this web site, you signify your assent to (1) these terms and conditions (the ""terms &amp."
"Metacafe grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the web site for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials."
(iii) your violation of the terms which apply to your user submission.
"Conditions. in order to access some features of the web site, you will have to create an account."
"© 2020 metacafe, llc."
"Conditions, the privacy policy, or the terms &amp."
"Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you have left the web site and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other web site that you visit. web site access metacafe hereby grants you permission to use the web site, provided that: (i) your use of the web site is solely for your personal, noncommercial use."
"Metacafe does not warrant, endorse or assume responsibility for any content, or product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the web site or featured in any advertising, and metacafe will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. limitation of liability in no event shall metacafe, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i) content, including any mistakes or inaccuracies therein, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your use of our web site, (iii) any unauthorized use of our servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our web site, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our web site by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content on or via the web site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not metacafe is advised of the possibility of such damages."
Wings other 18+ only fashion latest popular trending terms &amp.
Conditions you affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age or possess legal parental or guardian consent to enter into these terms &amp.
Or (iv) misidentify yourself in submitting the user submission or misstate your true identity.
No waiver of any term of this these terms &amp.
"Conditions for the producer program, then please do not use the web site. links the web site may contain links to third party web sites that are not owned or controlled by metacafe."
Terms terms privacy policy behavioral targeting submission rules metacafe house rules do not sell my personal information work with us advertisers contact us about us &lt;img src='http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=21198813&amp;cv=2.0&amp;cj=1' /&gt.
"(iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate."
These terms &amp.
Metacafe will also terminate a user’s account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer of copyright.
"Metacafe does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its web site or related services, and metacafe will remove all content if properly notified that such content infringes another's intellectual property rights."
Metacafe may remove such content and/or terminate a user's account due to a violation of these terms &amp.
And (vi) you comply with these terms &amp.
&lt;/div&gt.
Outdoors video games wheels &amp.
Metacafe reserves the right to remove content without prior notice.
"Conditions at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these terms &amp."
"Conditions shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of california, without respect to its conflict of laws principles."
"In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the web site is not intended for children under 13."
"In addition, metacafe will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site."
Conditions and your use of the web site. ability to accept terms &amp.
"You represent and warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary rights and permissions to use and authorize metacafe to use all copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights in and to any user submissions to enable inclusion and use thereof as contemplated by the web site and these terms &amp."
"When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information."
You and metacafe agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the metacafe web site must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues.
"Conditions shall be decided exclusively by a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction located in los angeles county, california."
Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you. assignment these terms &amp.
"You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names or e-mail addresses, from the web site, nor to use the communication systems provided by the web site for any commercial solicitation purposes."
Your account playlists subscriptions location: us policy &amp.
Metacafe reserves the right to amend these terms &amp.
"Conditions at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion."
"You may be exposed to user submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you may have against metacafe with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold metacafe, its owners, affiliates, employees, agents and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the web site."
"Metacafe makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the web site's content and assumes no liability for any (i) mistakes or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage resulting from your use of the web site, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the web site, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through our web site by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content on or via the web site."
"Espn and their affiliated companies’ content, text, photo, graphic, audio, and/or video material (including but not limited to such material from espn or any other affiliated company) (“espn content”) shall not be edited, transmitted, distributed, reproduced or modified in any part or copied onto any media, and may be used solely for the end-user’s personal, noncommercial home use only."
Dance news &amp.
"Conditions""), and (2) metacafe’s privacy policy at privacy policy these terms &amp."
Metacafe reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the web site.
Or (v) any claim that one of your user submissions caused damage to a third party.
