text
Any attempt to circumvent technical measures to ensure compliance with these terms is a violation of these terms and may result in your ability to access loomi or the programs being terminated without penalty. d.
"Some services in the non-custodial wallet could be provided by opera under these terms. as explained in blueboard’s terms of service, you can only use the wallet service if permitted under the laws of your jurisdiction."
"The reward may be changed, suspended or terminated by opera and/or by the participating merchants at any time before your purchase. b."
We do not collect or store records of web pages you visit or links you click on in the servers dedicated for this service. c.
"For the purposes of this clause 4, “abusive content”&nbsp;means content which we consider to be remarks intended to be demeaning, humiliating, mocking, insulting, or belittling that may or may not be based on the actual or perceived race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, or gender identity of an individual. 4.2."
"If any petition shall be presented in good faith, order shall be made or resolution passed for your winding up (except for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction), bankruptcy or dissolution (including the appointment of provisional liquidators/interim receivers or special managers)."
Opera does not guarantee that vpn service will always be available.
You may not use the service to exploit children in any way. d.
"Some programs are available for rent, meaning that in exchange for a fee (the “rental fee”) you will be granted access to stream your selected programs through loomi for a limited time as described below. c."
The following additional terms apply to your use of the hype service. creating your account. to use hype you must create an account using your current mobile phone number.
"If you are an individual, you become bankrupt; c."
"Consistent with other provisions of these terms, you agree not to use the vpn service in a manner that violates applicable law or otherwise infringes any third party’s rights."
"These terms of service (“terms”), along with opera’s privacy statement, form a legally-binding contract between you and opera norway as (p.o."
You agree that you will not: a) do anything which to breach these terms.
Yandex.zen: a content aggregation/recommendation service offered by yandex services ag and its affiliates.
"To support our business and continue providing you with the services for free, we will display the advertisements of select partners to you."
"(e) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
Your right to a reward will be accrued only for confirmed transactions.
"Any/all written content and images displayed are provided by the news hub creator, appear as submitted by the news hub creator and are unedited by opera."
"We may modify, suspend, cancel, or make changes to the loomi service or these terms at any time. vpn pro last updated: may 18, 2022 the vpn pro service (“vpn pro” or the “service”) is a premium, paid virtual private network service available in some products and locations."
"You acknowledge that information of any kind presented to you via the services may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent and/or other proprietary rights and laws."
Please read this document carefully. this is a contract. a.
"This feature is for your personal, non-commercial use only."
"You agree to use the service solely for your own personal, noncommercial use and benefit, and not for resale or other transfer or disposition to, or use by or for the benefit of, any other person or entity."
Compression: opera’s software applications include compression functionality to enable users to boost the download of web content such as web pages and/or videos.
Browser assistant is an optional component of the software. f.
"All actions or proceedings arising under or related to these terms must be brought in the oslo city court , and each party hereby agree to irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in all such actions or proceedings."
You agree that you will not use the services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms.
C) upload abusive content.
"Neither opera nor blueboard is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your transactions or for collecting, reporting, withholding, or remitting any taxes arising from any of your transactions. saviswap is a free to use smart contract service provided by opera, in some of opera’s software applications through the wallet service."
B) provides a correct and working hyperlink to the source of the content or article on our software application.
"We encourage you to read the privacy statement to better understand how you can manage your data and cookie preferences. you must accept these terms. to use the service you must accept the terms, including both the service specific terms and the general terms of service."
"Some restrictions may apply, for example, if you have previously canceled three or more service subscriptions."
Security a.
"Please make sure that your use of the wallet service is in compliance with all laws, rules, and regulations that apply to you."
And (iv) the participating merchant has paid opera the provision. c.
"If you are another legal entity, you become insolvent (including being unable to pay your debts as they fall due and/or the value of your assets is less than the amount of your liabilities, taking into account contingent and prospective liabilities), propose an individual, company or partnership voluntary arrangement, have a receiver, administrator or manager or trustee in bankruptcy appointed over the whole or any part of your business or assets."
"You agree that opera shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the services."
Third party services may be subject to separate terms and conditions.
Opera will not charge you any fees for your use of the service.
"Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, payment of remuneration to you by opera shall be at our sole and exclusive discretion."
Through loomi you may stream programs that are available for free.
"Box 4214, nydalen, 0401, oslo, norway), as well as its affiliates (“opera” and “we,” “us” and “our”)."
"(ii) you attempted to circumvent any of the security mechanisms of the service (iii) you used third-party software, ad-blocker or changed the affiliation of transactions done via the opera browser, (iv) you did not conclude the transaction via the website and opera browser. data processing. please see our privacy statement."
You must subscribe to vpn pro through the application.
"In such a case the general terms of service will still apply. our termination rights. we may restrict, suspend or terminate the contract offered by these terms and your access to all or any part of the service property and/or publisher property at any time without prior notice or liability if: a."
"In your account you will be able to, among other things, check your purchase history and transaction status to know if you have a right to redeem rewards. rewards must be redeemed. you will not collect any money on your account."
"As used in these terms, the word “services” applies to online services provided to you by opera through its software applications, websites and apis. we expect you to be a responsible user. a."
Loomi is only for users 18 years of age or older. rentals a.
In such a case the terms of service will still apply. a.
Your browsing experience may change due to increased loading speeds.
"You agree to follow all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations."
Only provide the thumb nail and headline as it appears on our software applications or services; b.
Users shall retain a license to this content even after the content is removed from the service. data processing. please see our privacy statement.
"If you choose not to start viewing the program within 30 days, your ability to access it will expire unless you pay another rental fee. b."
"In such a case the terms of service will still apply. opera is not responsible for any damages you may incur as a result of your use of the service. should you violate these service specific terms or the rights of any participating merchants or threaten the operation of servicek, opera may delete your account and terminate the service specific terms with you unilaterally , through a notification to your email address."
The privacy statement is posted at https://www.opera.com/privacy.
The reward that can be earned will vary depending on the participating merchant and the good or service purchased.
In the event of material changes we will provide reasonable advance notice via email.
"If any provision of these terms is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these terms shall not be affected or impaired thereby. opera may modify these terms. opera may update these terms or the privacy statement from time to time."
"You agree that opera shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received, or any transactions entered into through the services."
You will also need to create an opera account to sign in and use vpn pro.
"We offer subscriptions for various periods of time, such as one month, three months, or more at a time (each a “subscription period”). b."
"You agree and acknowledge that if your account with opera has been terminated for failure to comply with these terms you will not be entitled to receive payment from opera regardless of whether any amounts are due to you as at the date of termination. payment of statutory fees. you acknowledge that you are solely responsible for filing all tax returns and submitting all payments as required by any applicable tax authority arising from the payment of fees to you under these terms, and agree to do so in a timely manner."
"Any/all written content and images displayed are provided by the contributing author, appear as submitted by the contributing author and are unedited by opera."
"You furthermore agree to comply with all applicable laws governing self-employed individuals, including laws requiring the payment of taxes, such as income and employment taxes, and social security, disability, and other contributions. opera football last updated: november 5, 2021 use of content by sports news aggregators.&nbsp;use of our content by sports news aggregators shall only be allowed if such sports news aggregators: a."
Your subscription allows you to use vpn pro on up to six devices running under supported operating system. c.
The united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods does not apply to these terms.
Note that certain websites may not be accessible while using vpn. g.
You are allowed only to view programs in the territory and solely in compliance with these terms.
"Group messages however are not end-to-end encrypted and may be stored on our servers for up to six months. dify cashback service last updated: february 16, 2021 the dify cashback service (“service”) is a rewards program offered by opera norway as (“opera”)."
"You are granted access to a program for a period of 48 hours, starting from when you first access the program."
"S affirm, represent, and warrant that they own or have the rights, licenses, permissions and consents necessary to publish, duplicate, and distribute the submitted content."
"If you suspect that anyone other than yourself has access to your account, you should immediately inform opera and change all logins, passwords, or other information used to log into your account. shop to earn rewards. you can earn rewards when purchasing goods or services from participating online merchants (“participating merchants”) as may be made available via the opera browser at https://cashback.getdify.com (“website”)."
"Opera and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to the services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. b."
You may not access a rental program until your payment has been validated. responsibility for programs a.
"Accordingly, you may not use, assist, or enable others to use the service for any unlawful, illicit, illegal, criminal or fraudulent purpose whatsoever. b."
Opera has a zero-tolerance policy against child sexual abuse content and will terminate the access of any user who publishes or distributes child sexual abuse content.
"For purchases done via google play, you may cancel your subscription at any point during the first thirty days after your payment method is charged for a full refund. b."
Opera has no control over and no responsibility for third party sites or third party content.
We may offer free trial subscriptions for a period of seven days.
"By submitting content to the service for distribution, publishers also grant a license to opera for all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to the content for publication on the service, pursuant to these terms."
"Furthermore, we will report such users to the appropriate authorities. e."
"Despite our best efforts and the best efforts of our provider, criminals or other bad actors may still be able to access your data. b."
"Opera reserves the right to block any user’s access to any content, website or web page at our sole discretion. h."
"Facebook messenger: a messaging service provided by facebook, inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms."
Vpn pro uses different servers than those used for our free in-app vpn service. to use vpn pro you will need to subscribe through google play or via your opera account.
"(c) your name, address, telephone number, and electronic mail address."
"These service specific terms, together with the general terms of service (collectively, the “terms”), govern your use of the service."
"If you do not accept the modifications, then you may, prior to the entry into force of the modification, unilaterally terminate the service specific terms by deleting your account."
Opera’s liability is limited to the amount of actual damage you incur as a result of opera’s s deliberate actions. you and opera may terminate this agreement. you may terminate the service specific terms at any moment by deleting your account.
Our services are ad-supported. all our services are generally provided free of charge.
"If you believe that any content accessible via the service infringes your rights, you may submit a notification to customer support."
"The in-app wallet service is provided by our affiliate, blueboard international ag (“blueboard”), which is solely responsible for its operation."
"Please read the terms carefully. depending on where you live, you may be able to access the loomi by opera service to view movies, tv, videos, and other media (“programs”) via an in-app service or through the loomi website."
Your payments for vpn pro are processed by a designated payment processor under their terms.
"You may not use the service to distribute spam, malware, or viruses of any kind. customer service."
"D) remove any legal notices (copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices) in or on the content."
(iii) the participating merchant confirms the transaction and opera is able to attribute the transaction to your account.
The service is made available in qualifying countries.
"If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the services, or with any of these terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the services and related websites. d."
"Rewards are not redeemable, in the event that opera determines in its sole discretion that: (i) you have abused it systems to create fictitious transactions, take ownership of someone else’s transactions, or affect the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of the service’s data in any way."
"Or e) frame any portion of a web page that forms part of our services. accuracy of content submitted to opera. you agree to be solely responsible for ensuring that the content and the posting thereof is fully compliant with all applicable laws (including but not limited to all applicable laws relating to intellectual property and/or false/deceptive advertising) as well as all terms, conditions, and guidelines established by opera."
You may have only one account. a.
"Further information may be available through our privacy statement. degenknows last updated: july 12, 2022 the degen knows service (“degenknows” or the “service”) is an nft analytics platform that provides both on-chain information and off-chain information about nft projects."
"You also agree not to upload, transfer, or otherwise make available any content that is obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, or threatening."
This functionality requests web content through opera’s proxy or compression servers.
"For the avoidance of doubt, “losses” includes but is not limited to loss of profits, fines, damages and all legal costs incurred by opera whether direct or indirect in nature."
"By using the services (as defined below), you are agreeing to be legally bound by these terms."
"It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to your cryptocurrency transactions, and it is your responsibility to report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority where applicable."
"When you rent a program,you have 30 days from the date of payment to view the program."
Your ability to access programs may be restricted by territory.
"In no event shall opera and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the services, with the delay or inability to use the services, the provision of or failure to provide any services, or for any information, software, products, services, and related graphics obtained through the services, or otherwise arising out of the use of the services, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, even if opera or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages."
"You may not use the service to violate, infringe, or misappropriate other people’s intellectual property, privacy or other legal rights. e."
"To opera, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the content in connection with the service, including without limitation for promoting, redistributing in any and all media formats."
(b) identification of the content that is infringing your rights (including url(s) for the content).
"Acknowledges us as the source of the content and acknowledges writers, journalists, photographers and third party agencies as they are acknowledged on our software application. third party contributors.&nbsp;by using the services, you acknowledge and accept that opera may display content from independent third party contributors on the opera football software application and which content is identified as being submitted by “studio.opera.com”."
The rewards you can earn in any calendar year may not exceed a maximum amount which will depend on your country of residence (“rewards cap”).
All programs on the loomi service are available on a limited basis and are strictly for personal use.
"Saviswap finds and chooses for you the best available swap, and is only available for eligible users of non-custodial wallet provided by blueboard."
"Please read the terms carefully. you will need an account. to use the service, you must be at least 18 years old and have full legal capacity, and create a virtual account in the opera browser (“account”)."
However we do not promise that the service is absolutely secure.
The account itself can be deleted by yourself or automatically after 2 years of inactivity. a.
"And (ii) to provide your current data, including contact details, and keep such information updated. b."
Opera does not charge any fees for currency conversion. d.
"You agree: (i) not to share with anyone, and keep secret, all logins, passwords, or other methods or information used to log into the account."
Rewards will be redeemed up to 14 days after your rewards from confirmed transactions. c.
Degenknows is only for users 18 years of age or older.
Free programs are supported by third party advertising.
"Where these service specific terms differ or conflict with the general terms of service, the service specific terms apply. by accepting the terms, you enter into an agreement for an indefinite duration."
You should be aware that some governments may decide that vpn services are not legal with little or no warning.
"Opera reserves the right to remove user generated content for any reason , but opera is not responsible for any failure or delay in removing such material."
You can cancel your subscription at any point up to the end of your subscription period.
"G) knowingly publish untruthful content. exclusive mandate. you hereby irrevocably agree that any content uploaded to our software application shall not be published by you, either directly or indirectly, on any other software application without our prior written approval. status. you warrant that you are not, have not and shall not represent or hold out that you are our employee of opera and hereby warrant that you are a wholly independent contractor."
B) violate any laws.
You are responsible for reporting income in accordance with the applicable rules in your country of tax residence. f.
"Quality may vary from device to device, and be impacted by factors outside of our control, such as the quality of your internet connection. b."
"If you don’t agree with these terms, you must discontinue using the services. b."
Data communicated through vpn pro will be encrypted and routed through one of thousands of servers around the world.
You are allowed to view only those items of programs which have been specifically licensed for the country where you are registered (the “territory”).
At the end of the then-current subscription period your subscription will be canceled and your access to the service will end. d.
"Opera does not consent to nor does it condone the posting of any content that violates the rights (including the copyrights) of any third party, nor content that may malign, inter alia, any religion, ethnic group, organization, gender, company, or individual."
Crawling or scraping the services without the prior consent of opera is strictly prohibited. degenknows content is strictly for informational purposes.
Virtual private network: through opera’s browser you may have access to a virtual private network (“vpn”).
We will use this information to investigate your claim and take appropriate action. general a.
"If you are a rightsholder who believes that your programs are improperly appearing in the loomi service, contact support@loomi.tv, stating the specific title of the work at issue, the context in which it appeared (including a link), and your complete legal name and contact information (or that of the author)."
Opera exercises no editorial control over any content that you access through this service. d.
"By using our services, you consent to the placement of such advertisements within the services. opera is not responsible for any damages you may incur as a result of your use of the services. a."
You agree not to violate these laws or infringe these rights in any way. g.
Use of the wallet service is subject to blueboard’s terms of service and privacy statement.
"If for any reason publisher property that you have validly licensed is taken down from the service platforms, we encourage publishers to notify you and ensure that the relevant publisher property will remain available to valid existing users for a period of 30 days (but subject to our ultimate discretion and legal obligations as to whether they can be made available in this way or not)."
"You agree that you will not upload viruses or other forms of malware. details. for clarity, and consistent with the rest of these terms, here are further details on specific services that may be available through the opera websites or software applications. a."
Certain services (including use of opera’s forums) allow you to create a user account to access certain services.
"You furthermore acknowledge that the views and opinions expressed in news hub creator content are solely those of the news hub creator and do not represent, reflect or express the views of opera."
"Opera does not guarantee the accuracy, or completeness of any content available on the service."
Removal and termination of accounts may occur without prior notice .
Synchronization: opera allows you to enable synchronization of browser data such as your speed dials between opera browsers on the devices you are using.
"If a purchase has been declined opera may not set up, or may suspend or cancel your subscription. use of the service."
"By uploading or creating such ugc, you grant opera the worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free license to use, reproduce, create derivative works, display, perform and distribute for the ugc. publishers content. publishers are solely responsible for the content they upload and distribute on the service."
"We reserve the right to suspend your account for any reason, including for violating our terms. end-to-end encryption. direct messages sent via hype are end-to-end encrypted, and are not stored by or viewable to opera in any way."
"Opera furthermore does not condone the use of our software applications for the purposes encouraging/endorsing hate speech, violation of human rights and/or utterances of a defamatory nature. reporting. if the content displayed violates any of your rights, including those of copyright, and/or violates any of the above mentioned factors, you are requested to immediately notify opera via online form and/or report the content using the available reporting functionality built into our software application. opera news hub last updated: may 10, 2021 restrictions on use. unless our prior written consent is provided, you may not: a) reproduce, publish, broadcast, adapt, sell or otherwise transfer or use for commercial purposes any content."
"Your right to redeem rewards will expire after the termination period. opera may suspend the service. opera may temporarily suspend the service for technical reasons or to perform routine maintenance. contacting opera support. you may address support requests, or any other incident or complaint to our customer service team by sending an electronic email to support@difyteam.com. gx games last updated: april 27, 2022 these service specific terms (“terms”) form a legally binding contract between you and opera norway as (“opera”) regarding your use of gx games services (“service”) and content (“property”)."
By using the service you accept google’s terms of service available at https://policies.google.com/terms.
"Please read the terms carefully. users. if you register an account to participate and play challenges from gx games, you agree to be bound to the terms of this agreement as a platform user (“user”)."
"By continuing to use this service, you are deemed to have accepted any changes made to the service specific terms."
"Users affirm that they are over the age of 13 or an adult in their home territory, as the service is not intended for children under 13 . publisher. if you register an account to distribute, or publish games or other content on gx games website, you agree to be bound to the terms of this agreement as a platform publisher (“publisher”)."
"We delete your service account due to sustained periods of inactivity, provided that we will use reasonable efforts to contact you via the contact details you have provided to us prior to terminating your service account under this ground. effect of termination. if your contract with us offered by these terms discontinues for any reason then it will cease immediately to have effect (apart from any sections that are necessary for our enforcement of any legal rights and remedies against you)."
You may also get a refund for your first subscription renewal within 48 hours from a payment card charge (“forgotten to deactivate subscription”).
You must follow these terms which stipulate all rights and obligations between you and opera in connection with the service. your access to the service is subject to change. opera reserves the right to modify these service specific terms upon notice to you.
"Such losses shall be payable by you on demand. third party content. you hereby irrevocably agree that the content that you upload, will be your original work and will not violate any third parties rights, be they copyright, proprietary rights, personal rights or otherwise."
Opera does not claim ownership of any user generated content.
We make no representations or warranties as to the quality or availability of the service.
"All programs, including all intellectual property rights and other interest embodied therein, are the exclusive property of the respective rightsholders."
"These service specific terms, together with opera’s general terms of service (collectively, the “terms”), govern your use of this service."
"If either party is prevented or delayed in the performance of its obligations under these terms by reason of force majeure, that party shall, as soon as reasonably possible, serve notice in writing on the other party specifying the nature and extent of the circumstances giving rise to force majeure."
"Except as otherwise specified herein, opera may terminate this service specific terms at any moment upon 2 months notification. b."
This means that you will no longer have access to the service property and publisher property. force majeure. neither party shall be liable for any failure to fulfil its obligations under these terms as a result of force majeure and in such circumstances the time for performance shall be extended by a period equivalent to the period during which performance of the obligation has been delayed or failed to be performed.
"Opera has no duty to pre-screen user generated content, but opera has the right to refuse to post, edit, or deliver user generated content."
"You act in any way that may be considered threatening, abusive, obscene, racist, xenophobic, sexist, defamatory, or otherwise offensive or illegal towards any member of opera staff; f."
C.
"And c) acknowledges us as the source of the content and acknowledges writers, journalists, photographers and third party agencies as they are acknowledged on our software application. third party contributors. by using the services, you acknowledge and accept that opera may display content from independent third party contributors on the opera news software application and which content is identified as being submitted by a “news hub creator”."
And b.
"Payments for rentals are handled by third-party payment service providers, including payu."
Any losses incurred by opera which are caused by you violating these terms shall be borne exclusively by you.
"It is your responsibility to remain informed of any changes, because you are legally obligated to abide by the latest versions of these terms and the privacy statement."
"If you upload any content or user generated content to opera’s sites, you warrant that you have the necessary rights and authority to do so, including the necessary consent to upload and distribute any personal information about third persons."
"And (f) your physical or electronic signature, or that of a person authorized to act on your behalf, of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
"If you purchase goods or services, or participating merchants settle their payments in a different currency applicable exchange rates and fees may apply."
We delete your service account in response to a data deletion request from you ; g.
You irrevocably agree that you shall have no right to demand payment from opera pursuant to your use of the services and indemnify opera in such regard. right to refuse payment. we reserve the right to deny payment to you if you submit article/s with the potential of causing reputational and/or litigable damage to opera.
D) violate or infringe any other person/entity’s intellectual property rights and/or rights to privacy.
"Opera incurs substantial development, collocation and bandwidth expenses in doing this."
Opera has no control over and no responsibility for third party services.
Opera strictly forbids unsolicited messaging and unauthorized advertisements while using the services. d.
And d.
"After 48 hours have passed, you will not be permitted access to the program unless you pay another rental fee. c."
"Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply in every instance."
"You furthermore acknowledge that the views and opinions expressed in such content is solely those of the submitting party and do not represent, reflect or express the views of opera."
"If you choose to remove your content from the service, this license shall terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove your content from the service. b."
B.
Your payments are subject to payu’s terms and conditions.
"By registering an account and using the service, you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement and the terms set out in the gx games eula and publishing agreement."
Extension catalog: opera may offer a portfolio of third party browser extensions and themes (“add-ons”).
Such remuneration policy may be amended by opera from time to time without prior written notice.
Degenknows does not provide investment or any other financial advice or recommendations.
"However, by submitting user generated content on any service, including any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques described therein, you consent to opera’s unrestricted use of those items. i."
We expect you to respect the rights of others.
"You agree to indemnify and hold opera, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees, harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the services. we need you to respect our trademarks. the opera word mark and the opera, opera news, and “o” logos are trademarks of opera norway as in norway, the european union and other countries."
"The current reward, or “cashback” rate, is available on the website."
"To users, a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access the content and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such content as permitted through the functionality of the service."
"In keeping with the terms, we expect you to use vpn pro in a legal and responsible way. a."
"You are solely responsible for all acts or omissions that occur while using any services, including the content of any transmissions you send through the services and any content you upload or publish using the services. b."
The settlement currency is eur or if the service is offered in a country which currency is different than eur the country currency.
Opera provides you only with the service described herein and does not sell any goods or services. a.
These third party services may include the following: a.
"In compliance with local law, certain services and websites may not be available in some countries. certain services are provided by third parties. some services accessible through the opera software applications are provided by other companies (“third party services”)."
And c.
"If you have a question about degenknows, you may contact customer support degenknows-external@opera.com."
You may find the current rewards cap and tax information on the website.
"When activated, vpn pro routes your traffic through thousands of servers around the world. vpn pro uses dedicated infrastructure provided and managed on opera’s behalf by a third party."
Vpn pro is a no log service.
This cancellation right covers any statutory cancellation right that may apply to your subscription to vpn pro. payment method and terms.
If you shall otherwise propose or enter into any composition or arrangement with your creditors or any class of them or you cease or threaten to cease to carry on business; d.
The current version of these terms are posted at https://www.opera.com/terms.
"Hype enables you to communicate with other hype users by sending messages, images, and videos."
F) upload content that you do not own or do not have the right to publish or distribute.
The services are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind.
Please read the terms carefully. to use the service you have to accept these terms.
All claims related to goods or services sold and provided by participating merchants shall be direct to the relevant participating merchant. b.
"Please note that the swap itself is provided neither by opera nor blueboard but rather by blueboard partners under their terms and conditions. hype messaging service last updated: february 16, 2021 depending on where you live, you may be able to access opera’s hype messaging service (“hype”) via some of our mobile apps."
"Vpn pro is provided by a third-party service provider which owns, operates, and maintains the infrastructure which provides the service."
"Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third party services does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by opera. you may terminate the service specific terms at any moment by deleting your account."
"Following that period, the publisher property (and/or if appropriate the relevant service property) will no longer be available unless we notify you otherwise. opera may suspend the service. opera may temporarily suspend the service for technical reasons or to perform routine maintenance. contacting opera support. you may address support requests, or any other incident or complaint to our customer service team by sending an electronic email to gxc-support-external@opera.com. loomi by opera last updated: october 13, 2021 the loomi by opera service (“service”) is a video on demand service offered by opera norway as (“opera”)."
"By using the yandex.zen service, you accept the yandex.zen terms of use published at https://yandex.com/legal/zen_termsofuse."
We decide not to provide the service anymore (see below); e.
"Degenknows does not facilitate or provide any wallet or minting services, nor does it provide trading, investment or brokerage accounts or facilities."
You may not use vpn or any other means to improperly access programs from outside the applicable territory.
"Notices may be sent to copyright@opera.com. service specific terms opera news last updated: february 16, 2021 use of content by news aggregators. use of our content by news aggregators shall only be allowed if such news aggregators: a) only provide the thumb nail and headline as it appears on our software applications or services."
"If you do not cancel your subscription before the end of the subscription period, your subscription will renew automatically for an additional subscription period of equal length. e."
You agree that opera is not liable for user generated content that is provided by others.
"Although we work hard to provide the highest quality software and services, we cannot and do not guarantee that they will work perfectly every time or in every respect. a."
"Without prior written permission, you agree not to display or use the opera marks in any manner. these terms are based on norwegian law. these terms are governed by the laws of norway without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles that may require the application of the laws of a different country."
"You can view rented programs on up to three devices per account, and you may stream a maximum of two programs simultaneously. d."
"Where the service specific terms differ or conflict with the general terms of service, the service specific terms apply."
"You agree that opera is not responsible or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive, or illegal content or conduct of any other party or any infringement of another’s rights, including intellectual property rights."
Provides a correct and working hyperlink to the source of the content or article on our software application.
"In order to redeem rewards, you must link your account with the payment services provider with your opera account via the qr code or other method available in the opera browser and the payment services provider’s software application. b."
"The transaction is “confirmed” only if and when: (i) the purchase is made from your active account, is completed, and the payment is done."
You can always manage or cancel your subscription through your google play or via your opera account. free trials.
You specifically agree that opera is not responsible for any content sent using and/or included in the services by any third party. c.
Additional or different restrictions may apply on a case-by-case basis. c.
News recommendations: opera’s software applications may include a current news feed feature to help you discover and access news content made available by third parties on the internet.
The following terms apply to your use of the loomi service and the loomi programs. a.
The vpn feature is not an end-to-end service and it does not guarantee that any transmissions of information made while using vpn will be secure.
"Additionally, you are also responsible for any and all activities that occur under your user account. f."
In such a case the terms of service will still apply to your use of other services provided by opera. customer service.
"You agree that all such trademarks, trade names, service marks and other opera logos and brand features, and product and service names are trademarks and the property of opera (the “opera marks”)."
"You may not assign or transfer your rights under these terms without obtaining opera’s prior written consent, and any purported assignment or transfer in violation of this section will be null and void. notice to rights holders. if you believe that any content accessible via the services infringes your rights, you may submit a notification to opera in which you provide the following information: (a) identification of the rights/works that are being infringed upon."
"Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third party site or any third party content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by opera."
"You agree that opera shall not be responsible or liable for the performance or non-performance of the service, or quality of any goods or services sold and provided by participating merchants and the functioning of the services offered by participating merchants."
"Contextual hints: opera’s browser for computers may include “browser assistant”, a component that provides contextual hints about certain opera browser features and other useful information which you might be interested in."
Certain web pages may not be available through proxy servers. c.
Opera is not responsible for the advertising content of third parties which you may see via the service. b.
Your reward from a transaction will expire after 12 months after the date such transaction is confirmed. e.
"Loomi is not available in all territories, and the selection of programs available via loomi may vary from place to place."
"Your access to the services is subject to change. opera reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue the services in whole or in part, and to terminate your access to the services at any time, with or without notice."
"You may not use the service to assault, interfere, gain unauthorized access, deny service in any way or form to any other network or device through the service. c."
"By using the services, you agree that you will not upload, transfer, or otherwise make available files, images, code, materials, or other information or content (“content”) that violates the rights of any third party, including their intellectual property rights, however defined."
"Terms of service last updated: february 16, 2021 opera norway as and its affiliates offer a number of different services through their respective websites and software."
This service requires that you login to a social network service or create an opera account. e.
"Opera furthermore does not condone the use of our software applications for the purposes encouraging/endorsing hate speech, violation of human rights and/or utterances of a defamatory nature. reporting.&nbsp;if the content displayed violates any of your rights, including those of copyright, and/or violates any of the above mentioned factors, you are requested to immediately notify opera via&nbsp;online form&nbsp;and/or report the content using the available reporting functionality built into our software application. crypto wallet service last updated: november 7, 2022 some of opera’s software applications include a non-custodial wallet which provides a self-hosted, user controlled solution (“service”) for ethereum-based blockchains and cryptographically secured digital assets."
The service is made available to users of the opera browser in qualifying countries.
"You hereby irrevocably agree to that opera is not responsible for any content uploaded by you and you hereby indemnify opera, its affiliates, employees, directors, shareholders or otherwise without limitation, against any/all claims, be they civil or criminal in nature, that you or opera may suffer as a result of your content. you are legally liable for your content. 4.1."
In other words opera does not own and is not responsible for programs you can view on loomi. b.
You can cancel via your opera account while for refund you need to contact payment provider support. c.
"Publishers affirm that they are either more than 13 years of age, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in this agreement. user generated content. the service provides interfaces and tools for users to generate content and make it available to other users, including ratings, profile images, highscores, and others (“user generated content” or “ugc”)."
"B) decompile or reverse engineer the content, or reduce the content to any format other than the format in which we make such content available to you."
You furthermore agree that your content will not violate any legislation within the jurisdiction that your content will be displayed in.
"Opera licenses all programs from third parties, including movie studios, creators, influencers, bloggers, and other rightsholders."
Opera exercises no editorial control over the add-ons that you access through this service. b.
"Opera may also terminate or suspend your user account for inactivity, which is defined as failing to sign-in to the services for an extended period of time, as determined by opera."
"In this section 10 (force majeure), “force majeure” means any cause preventing a party from performing any or all of its obligations that arises from or is attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond the reasonable control of the party so prevented including strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (other than any such dispute involving the workforce of the party so prevented), nuclear accident or acts of god, war or terrorist activity, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage (excluding malicious damage involving the employees of the affected party or its subcontractors), industrial action by employees of any providers of electrical power, failure of technical facilities, fire, flood, or storm or default of suppliers or subcontractors. ceasing to provide the service property or publisher property. if we decide to cease to provide the service property, then you will be notified as soon as reasonably possible."
"As with any asset, the value of digital assets can go up or down and there can be a substantial risk that you lose money buying, selling, holding, or investing in digital assets."
"As further detailed in the main body of these terms, the loomi service is provided on an as-is basis."
You are solely responsible for determining whether the purchase of digital assets is appropriate for you in light of your financial condition and degree of financial sophistication. some functionality accessible through the service is provided by other companies (“third party services”).
"Please read the terms carefully. depending on where you live and which products you use, you may be able to access vpn pro."
You need to have an active payment account established with a payment service provider who cooperates with opera for purposes of redeeming your rewards (“payment services provider’’).
"Publishers retain all ownership rights to the submitted content, and by submitting content to the service, publishers hereby grant the following: a."
"By accessing the service you represent, warrant and covenant that you have the power and authority to enter into this agreement. you may not use the service for any illegal purpose, to violate or facilitate the violation of any law or regulation, or in any manner inconsistent with the terms."
"Provided that you have paired your account with a payment services provider as described above, opera will redeem your rewards to your account with the payment services provider automatically."
"You agree not to use, transfer, distribute, or dispose of any information contained in the service in any manner that could compete with the business of opera."
"Your data will be handled in accordance with the opera privacy statement. use hype appropriately. you must use hype in accordance with our terms, and applicable law."
"Whatsapp: a messaging service provided by whatsapp, inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.whatsapp.com/legal."
"Opera does not represent or warrant that the services will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the services or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. c."
Geolocation api: a geolocation service provided by google llc.
You may not exhibit or display programs in public spaces of any kind or charge admission to view them.
"E) replicate, copy, modify, create derivative works of our content or services or data contained in any of our software application."
"To open an account, you must provide your email address, give appropriate consent to data processing, and accept the terms."
Certain features of the services may allow you to publish or send content that can be viewed by others (“user generated content”).
"By accepting the terms, you enter into an agreement for an indefinite duration."
"Through your opera account you can also activate vpn pro on other devices, and recover access to the service if you lose your device. vpn pro may not be legal in all countries and territories."
"For purchases done via opera account, you may cancel your subscription at any point during the first thirty days after your payment card is charged for a full refund."
"Opera reserves the right to assign its rights and responsibilities under these terms to any third party. links to the third party sites are available through the services. the services may contain links to other websites (“third party sites”), as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties (“third party content”)."
"(d) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in the manner complained of is not authorized by the rights holder, its agent, or the law."
You commit a breach of your obligations or any other term under these terms or violate the rights of any third party intellectual property owner; b.
The current list of participating payment services providers is available on the website.
"By opening an account and using the service to shop with the opera browser for goods and services offered by our participating online merchants, you can earn rewards redeemable for cash (“rewards”)."
"You may not download, copy, broadcast, or use programs in any way except as expressly provided in these terms."
The terms of this document govern your use of those services.
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user account and password.
"You agree never to use the feature in any way that violates applicable law, or the rights of any third party, including copyrights. the services are provided without any warranties or guarantees. opera does not guarantee that your use of the services will be problem free."
Opera does not endorse copyright infringing activities or other intellectual property infringing activities and violations of the law may result in the removal of content if opera is notified of such violations.
"Unless you cancel before the end of the trial period, your payment method will be charged for the subscription period you have selected."
"You hereby indemnify and hold opera harmless against any and all claims that are employment related. minimum commitment. you hereby agree that you shall, at a minimum, ensure&nbsp;at least&nbsp;10&nbsp;days of activity per month on the opera news software application (including but not limited to content production, content consumption and interaction) failing which we reserve the right to terminate your use of the services. remuneration. in the event that you qualify for remuneration pursuant to your use of the service such remuneration shall be strictly in accordance with the remuneration policy displayed on our website."
If you have a question about vpn pro contact customer support at vpn-pro@support.opera.com. privacy &amp.
C) incorporate the content into any other content for whatever purpose.
"Rather, the rewards you have earned must be redeemed as described below. a."
Snapshot: opera’s browser for computers may include functions that enable you to easily take screenshots of content viewed through the browser.
You are responsible for the security of your user account .
You are responsible for ensuring that your use of vpn pro is legal under local law. vpn pro is not available for users under 18 years of age. subscriptions. a.
(ii) you did not withdraw from or revoke the purchase within the period specified by the participating merchant.
You can cancel a free trial through google play or via your opera account. 30-day money back guarantee / cancellation right. a.
"By providing us with your mobile phone number, you agree to receive text messages and/or phone calls (from us or third-party providers) with codes to register for our service."
