text
We have no control over such third parties and assume no liability for their actions.
"We are not be liable if, for any reason all, any part of the site, or the site as a whole, is unavailable at any time or for any period to registered users or visitors."
14.&nbsp;assignment you may not assign your rights and obligations under these terms and conditions without our prior written consent.
Headings shall not affect the meaning of any provisions of this agreement. g. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Premium accounts can be revoked at any time by patook and for any reason.
"Those determinations may be made entirely algorithmically by analyzing some or all of your activity on the site, and we will not disclose any information or reason as to why that determination was made, or how those algorithms work."
Assignment.
E. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
6. prohibited uses of the site and liquidated damages for violations no advertising or commercial solicitation.
"This prohibition includes marketing services, products or businesses, recruiting users for either paid or unpaid jobs (both legitimate and illegitimate jobs), recruiting for pyramid schemes, or recruiting for multi-level marketing companies."
Block violator's ip address and/or notify his or her internet service provider.
"This includes but is not limited to: creating multiple accounts to communicate with one another and figure out which messages are delivered, creating an account shortly after deleting another, contacting users to ask them if your messages are going through, or reverse engineering the code or passing special parameters to the app, experimenting with the app to try to find patterns or weaknesses (without our permission)."
"Use the site for any illegal purpose, or upload, post, link to, copy or republish copyrighted material."
"The $250 in damages is a reasonable approximation of the damages that patook will incur, from lost user revenue and damage to patook's reputation, due to a breach of this paragraph."
Having a premium account also offers no guarantees that the site will continuously work as expected.
We may terminate any user account with or without notice in our sole discretion.
You understand that patook will not warn you before taking such actions.
Having a premium account offers you no waivers from any of the terms and conditions in this document.
Patook will not generally do this on your behalf and will not typically provide additional information unless asked by the relevant authorities.
You will report all violations that appear to involve the exploitation of children or underage minors to the ncmec cybertipline first.
"We reserve the right to determine, in our sole discretion, what constitutes ""objectionable"" material."
"If any part or sub-part of this agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of law or competent arbitrator, the remaining parts and sub-parts will be enforced to the maximum extent possible."
"D.you understand that pictures or activities that appear to be of an illegal nature may be automatically or manually submitted to law enforcement authorities or other bodies such as the ncmec, sometimes solely at the discretion of automated algorithms or human moderators."
"&nbsp;\ you assume all risks when using the site, including but not limited to all of the risks associated with any online or offline interactions with others."
Patook reserves the right to conduct any criminal background check or other screenings (such as sex offender register searches) at any time using available public records.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"Terms of idea submission you agree that: (1) your submissions and their contents will automatically become the property of patook, without any compensation to you."
"Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding any transmission, communication or content provided by any user or third party."
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or anyone's use and enjoyment of it.
13.
Fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any materials on or through the site.
V. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"Behavior on the site and liquidated damages imposed for breaches of this agreement: a.you will only use patook to help you find platonic friendships, and not use it to flirt, hit on, or attempt to seduce other members, nor shall you approach users with ulterior motives."
"After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for an additional equivalent period, at the price you agreed to when subscribing."
"In case any litigation specifically permitted under this agreement is initiated, the parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of seattle, washington."
A.
"Premium status makes no guarantees to users that their messages will be read, that their profile will be visited, or that their experience on patook as a whole will be improved."
"Therefore, there is absolutely no guarantee that the person is who they claim they are, or that they are of the same age they claim to be (for example, they could be below the age of 18)."
We do not verify the truth or accuracy of user information and have no control over user-submitted content or conduct.
"Enforcement of these terms and conditions is solely in our discretion, and failure to enforce the terms and conditions in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce them in other instances."
"The site reserves the right, but has no obligation, to facilitate and resolve disputes between its users."
Verified profiles: some user profiles on the site have a verified profile tag next to them.
You are 18 years of age or older.
Ip ownership .
"You agree to use caution in all interactions with other users, particularly if you decide to communicate off the service or meet in person."
"Acceptance of the terms and conditions these terms and conditions (the ""terms"") constitute a legally binding agreement that governs your visits to www.patook.com and your use of the ios and android applications known as patook (the ""site"", or ""patook"")."
Coupons: the site allows the use of coupons to receive additional credits.
"However, we cannot undertake to review all material before it is posted on the site for accuracy, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted."
"You will treat all site users and administration respectfully, online and offline."
You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We typically do not respond to users who have been banned.
We are strongly committed to protecting the intellectual property rights of others.
> &nbsp.
"We may transfer, assign or subcontract the rights, interests or obligations under the terms and conditions, at our sole discretion, without obtaining your consent."
I.
"J.if you are found to be willingly impersonating a different person, either real or invented, you agree that you will cause irreparable harm to patook but that the exact level of the harm may be difficult to ascertain."
"16.&nbsp;changes to the terms and conditions we update these terms and conditions every once in a while, as we deem appropriate, without notifying you."
When you submit content covered by intellectual property rights (e.g.
"It doesn't mean that the site or the company made any additional verification, nor is it a guarantee that the person's profile is genuine."
"The company also does not verify the statements of its users, including, but not limited to, their relationship status."
We may withdraw or change our site in any way we deem appropriate without any prior notice to you.
"Premium upgrades are non-refundable, non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for money."
Waiver of any part or sub-part of this agreement will not constitute a waiver of any other part or sub-part. f. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the site through your internet connection are aware of these terms and conditions, and that they fully comply with them."
"A breach of this paragraph shall occur for each user you contact under the fake assumed identity.for example, should a 35-year male user posing as a 22 year old woman contact three women using that fake identity, that user will be liable for three $250 violations or $750 in total damages."
The sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when patook's products or marketing strategies might seem similar to ideas submitted to patook.
Coupons can expire at any time and often have a maximum number of uses.
Feedback and information any feedback you provide at this site will be deemed to be non-confidential and not proprietary.
"In this section, recruiting also includes: a- &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp."
Sending overview or informational videos to users regarding the mlm companies.
&nbsp;you will not advertise or solicit any user to buy or sell any products or services through the site.
D.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; indemnification .
"Please follow the terms of service above when contacting us, and do not send unsolicited ideas."
"We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the site or any services or items obtained through the site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any site linked to it."
&nbsp; 7.
Users caught with more than one account may be permanently banned and have all their accounts disabled.
You agree to pay the whole amount within 30 days of receiving a notification from patook llc.
"In general, any kind of money-making scheme will fall under this category."
&nbsp; 22.
"We make no guarantee that we will ever respond to your message, but will typically attempt to respond to your message within a reasonable timeframe."
"In case of a dispute between you and us (the ""parties"") relating to or arising out of this agreement, the parties shall first attempt to resolve the dispute personally and in good faith."
Patook does not currently conduct criminal background screenings on its members.
Inviting users to informational seminars.
"Should this agreement, or the rights granted hereunder, by assigned, sold, leased or otherwise transferred by patook, the rights and liabilities of patook will bind and inure to any assignees, administrators, successors, and executors. d. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp."
Access the site to build a competing service.
20.
We do not warrant that the site will meet your expectations or requirments.
"No claim, suit or action may be brought against us after six months from the underlying cause of action."
"Premium accounts certain user accounts may be upgraded to ""premium"" status."
C. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"Moving the conversation outside of patook and then proceeding to recruit the user, or doing points (a) and (b) above outside of patook with a user you met on patook for that purpose."
"You acknowledge that patook is not required to provide a refund for any reason, and that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused virtual items or subscriptions when an account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or involuntary."
"If these personal resolution attempts fail, the parties shall then submit the dispute to binding arbitration."
Advertising: patook may from time to time choose to show advertisements on the app or website.
"From time to time, patook may offer products and services for purchase (""in app purchases"") through itunes,&nbsp;google play or other application platforms authorized by patook (each, a ""software store"")."
"In general, patook does not notify any users when a ban occurs."
Purchases a.
&nbsp.
"Patook will be free to use and redistribute such information on an unrestricted basis, without any compensation to you."
"Unsolicited idea submissions patook or any of its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new or improved products or technologies, product enhancements, processes, materials, marketing plans or new product names."
"In the event that we fail to enforce any provision of this agreement, this shall not constitute a waiver of any future enforcement of that provision or of any other provision."
"You understand that patook makes no guarantee that the picture you are posting, viewing or sending is legal in nature, nor that you are legally allowed to view it."
D. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp; 19.
Paid premium upgrades have an expiration period specified in the upgrade page.
"In the event that you contest that a specific scheme is an mlm, patook will make the final determination as to whether that is the case."
"As a reasonable approximation of the damages that patook may incur from banned users creating unauthorized new accounts, you agree to pay patook the sum of $250 if you create a new account after having been banned, and an extra $250 for each subsequent account you create after being banned."
Https://getsupport.apple.com .
"In this paragraph, inappropriate pictures include but are not limited to: pictures showing your or other people's genitalia, pictures of you in underwear, pictures depicting violence or threats to other users, pornographic pictures, and any pictures of an illegal nature, such as those showing the use of illegal substances."
Dmca takedown requests .
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users.
Monitoring and enforcement.
"Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site."
"Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we may make, as they are binding on you."
General provisions a.
You cannot frame our site on any other site.
"You understand that patook may report you to the law enforcement authorities of your country and provide all the communications you had on the site, including your messages and physical location."
Please provide only specific feedback on patook's existing products or marketing strategies.
B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
You will treat all your login credentials as confidential information.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the site.
Jurisdiction.
You should not provide your financial information or wire or otherwise send money to other users.
"However, patook reserves the right to conduct any criminal background check, at any time and using any available public records, to confirm your compliance with this subsection."
"Safety though patook strives to encourage a respectful user experience, it is not responsible for the conduct of any user on or off of the services."
4.
"Users who delete their account, only to create another one shortly thereafter may be permanently banned."
Headings for convenience only.
"A breach of this paragraph shall occur for each inappropriate picture sent to each user.for example, should a user send the same inappropriate messages to three users, at the same time or at different times, that user will be liable for three $250 violations or $750 in total damages."
Use a false name or impersonate any other person.&nbsp.
"Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the site, the server on which the site is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the site."
"Product feedback patook does, however, welcome your feedback regarding many areas of patook's existing business."
&nbsp;&nbsp.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking and to immediately cease any such framing or linking once notified.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Disclaimer of warranty a.
Termination a.
We have the right to disable any user identification provided by our site and disable your whole account on our site at any time for any reason or no reason without notice or explanation.
E.you will not take or share screenshots of other users' profiles or pictures with the public.
And (4) there is no obligation to keep any submissions confidential.
You understand that patook does not&nbsp;conduct criminal background checks on its users or otherwise inquire into the background of its users.
"The site is owned and operated by patook llc, a washington limited liability company (""we,"" ""us,"" or ""our"")."
Venue.
You will report imminent threats of harm (or self-harm) to the relevant law enforcement authorities.
"No agency, partnership, or joint venture."
Neutral venue the site is a neutral venue that is not a party to any interactions or arrangements between its members.
5.
"If you choose to make an in-app purchase, you will be prompted to enter details for your account with your software store (""your iap account""), and your iap account will be charged for the in-app purchase in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase as well as the general terms for in app purchases that apply to your iap account."
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
&nbsp; 2.
Credits: background images purchased from shutterstock automated hotspot images downloaded from wikipedia - please click through each of them for their attribution city names on homepage provided by geonames.org
"You hereby waive the right to any objection of venue, including assertion of the doctrine of forum non conveniens or similar doctrine. b."
"You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures to satisfy your particular requirements for personal safety, the safety of your personal information, anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output."
Deleting your account on patook or deleting the patook application from your device does not cancel your subscription.
"If you breach the terms of this subsection, or send or post unsolicited bulk email, ""spam"" or other unsolicited communications of any kind through the services, you acknowledge that you will have caused substantial harm to patook, but that the amount of such harm would be extremely difficult to ascertain."
We may choose not to deliver certain messages or all the messages you send.
Patook may charge you $250 for each breach of this paragraph of the terms.
Your payments to the site are nonrefundable.
Use restrictions you must not: a.
B- &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Limitation of liability a.
Ii.
Arbitration.
D. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"Therefore, you are solely responsible for your interactions and disputes with other users."
"Patook algorithms or moderators will make the final decision as to whether any certain behavior reflects ulterior motives, and any users displaying such behavior may be banned from the site or blocked without notification."
"Headings of parts and sub-parts under this agreement are for convenience and organization, only."
Credits are non-refundable and cannot be exchanged for money or transferred once acquired.
"We reserve the right to log any attempts at taking screenshots, and to prevent your device from taking screenshots at any time and for any reason."
Patook llc owns all intellectual property rights to the site.
"These terms and conditions contain liquidated damages provisions that can be imposed on you in certain circumstances for your breach of the terms of this agreement- those liquidated damages can reach up to $250 per breach, based upon the reasonable amount of damages that we will incur as a result of a breach of these terms."
H. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"Some software stores may charge you sales tax, depending on where you live."
"Our online venue is provided to be used at your own risk, with no warranties of any kind."
"This limited license shall expire when you delete your content from our site, however, be advised that third parties (such as other site users) may have saved copies of your content."
"Should any part of these terms and conditions be rendered or declared invalid by an appropriate authority, such invalidation of such part or portion of these terms and conditions shall be limited to that particular term or condition and shall not invalidate the remaining portions thereof, and they shall remain in full force and effect."
Patook makes no representations or warranties as to the conduct of users.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"After that time has elapsed, the user's account will revert to a standard, non-premium account and the premium features will be disabled."
"No agency, partnership, or joint venture has been created between the parties as a result of this agreement."
"You will also report any activity that appears to be illegal to the relevant authorities, before notifying patook."
"The arbitration shall be conducted in seattle, washington.the arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator, and such arbitrator shall have no authority to add parties, vary the provisions of this agreement, award punitive damages, or certify a class."
Patook will retain all funds charged to your iap account until you cancel your subscription through your iap account.
"Through your use of the site, you agree that the laws of the state of washington shall govern any matter or dispute relating to or arising out of this agreement, as well as any dispute of any kind that may arise between you and us, with the exception of its conflict of law provisions."
"Profile information, photos, images), you specifically grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to display that content on our site."
In no event will our liability exceed the fees collected from you for the three months preceeding the time when the claim arose .
You will only use patook from within one of the supported states or countries.
"Please do not submit any unsolicited ideas, original creative artwork, suggestions or other works (""submissions"") in any form to patook or any of its employees."
"In the case of an issue with billing, or accidental orders, you may contact the app store owner (typically google or apple) within a few hours of purchase to request a refund (varies based on their terms of service)."
"If you were talking to a user that was banned, patook will have no responsibility to inform you that the user was banned and what the reason was, even if it was a terms of service violation."
Intellectual property a.
"In this paragraph, impersonating a different person includes but is limited to: using someone else's pictures, lying about your gender, subtantially altering your age, pretending to be a different person that the other user may know."
Additional site and app specific terms and conditions: credits: the site allows for the use of credits to unlock additional features or improve existing ones.
You understand that patook currently does not conduct criminal background checks on its users.
B.
G. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"Furthermore, you will not use any information obtained from the site in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any user without their prior explicit consent."
"In addition, you agree that patook may, at its discretion, notify every user you have contacted about the breach, including in said notification both your fake and real information."
"In addition, you agree to review and follow patook's safety tips, located on https://patook.com/legal/safety , prior to using the service."
"In the event that a user deletes his or her account, or is deleted by moderators of the site for any reason, all the credits associated with their account will be deleted."
"H.any attempt to contact users outside of the app without their explicit permission (such as for example, guessing their facebook name from their first name and city/pictures, or reading their snapchat alias off their patook profiles, and adding them as snapchat friends without having talked to them within patook) may result in an immediate ban."
Sub-parts and severability.
All claims of copyright infringement committed using our site will be investigated.any claims of copyright infringement may be reported directly to our designated copyright agent via email: copyright@patook.com .
L. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
G. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"You should not provide your financial information (for example, your credit card or bank account information), or wire or otherwise send money, to other users."
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
"You may link to our site in a way that is legal, fair and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists."
"As a reasonable approximation of the damages that patook may incur, you may be liable for up to $250 in liquidated damages per new account created."
"Patook is not liable for any failure to perform due to causes beyond its reasonable control including, but not limited to, acts of god, acts of civil authorities, acts of military authorities, riots, embargoes, acts of nature and natural disasters, and other acts which may be due to unforeseen circumstances. &nbsp; 23."
Only one account per user is allowed.
"However, you may take a screenshot of users who have talked to you and share it privately or with close friends for safety reasons."
"Disclose your identity to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy."
You understand that patook does not independently verify user ages.
Force majeure.
"If, despite our request that you not send us your ideas, you still submit them, then regardless of what your letter says, the following terms shall apply to your&nbsp;submissions."
Each party shall pay their own costs and fees.
9.
Banned user.
"F.we may ban, block, censor, redact or otherwise restrict your account or profile at any time, and for any reason we deem appropriate, without notifying you."
C. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"G. any attempt to reverse engineer the site or flirt detection algorithms will result in an immediate ban and, if done on behalf of a company or competitor, may result in legal action."
"In such condition, the remainder of this agreement shall continue in full force. e. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp."
"By visiting the site, you agree to be bound and to the fullest extent, to abide by these terms and conditions, as well as our privacy policy available at www.patook.com/privacy.html .if you disagree with any provision of these terms or the privacy policy, you must exit the site."
"Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the site for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these terms and conditions."
"The parties agree that this choice of law, venue, and jurisdiction provision is not permissive, but rather mandatory in nature."
"Refunds may not be requested, and will not be granted, even if the user gets banned, blocked or otherwise restricted by patook."
"We may partially or entirely hide your account and activity from certain users, or from all users."
Linking to the site a.
"If you want to send us your feedback, and we hope you do, or if we ask you for feedback, we simply request that you send it to us using the form found at&nbsp."
We do not regularly verify personal information provided by patook users.
"Therefore, we disclaim any and all liability arising out of or related to user submissions, conduct and arrangements."
"In addition, coupons may be revoked, and cannot be exchanged for money."
"This can be done manually by moderators, automatically by algorithms, or in any way we deem appropriate."
The company is not responsible for the conduct of any user.
The company reserves the right to conduct any criminal background checks or other screens at any time and use any available public records.
No waiver.
"This also includes, but is not limited to, date of birth, location and age."
Choice of law.
"You also agree to report any scheme that falls under this category, and that patook will in no way be liable if you are a victim of mlm or pyramid schemes."
Iv.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
Patook has no affiliation with the companies whose ads are shown and makes absolutely no representation as to their validity or trustworthiness.
"Site access by accessing the site, you represent, warrant and agree that: a."
H. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"If you wish to request a refund, please visit&nbsp."
C.if you are found to use this app to willingly send inappropriate pictures you agree that you will cause irreparable harm to patook but that the exact level of the harm may be difficult to ascertain.
"If you are banned from patook, for whatever reason, you will make no attempt to ever register an account again without patook's written express permission."
18.
They are also non-transferrable and have no cash value.
"Terms and conditions last modified: february 23, 2020 &nbsp; 1."
"&nbsp; contact us all feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the site should be directed to our customer service representative at info@patook.com ."
Pyramid schemes and mlm schemes.
You agree to take all necessary precautions when meeting individuals through our service.
"For google, you may do so through google play."
"&nbsp; reporting of violations: you agree that you will report all violations of the terms of service to patook, and understand that failing to report may cause your account to be banned."
The arbitrator shall be bound by applicable and governing washington state law.
3.
"Claims necessitating arbitration under this section include, but are not limited to: contract claims, tort claims, claims based on federal and state law, and claims based on local laws, ordinances, statutes or regulations."
"If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in-app purchase, your iap account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you cancel."
"In no event, shall the company be liable, directly or indirectly, for any losses or damages whatsoever, general, special, compensatory, consequential, and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to your conduct or the conduct of anyone else in connection with the use of the service, including without limitation, death, bodily injury, emotional distress, and/or any other damages resulting in from communications or meetings with other users through the service."
"If you activate patook in a supported state or country, and then move to an unsupported state or country, you certify that you will deactivate and never use patook while in that unsupported location."
"This means that a picture of that user holding a ""patook"" sign was sent to a moderator and a minimal verification was done."
"The parties, in agreement with this sub-part of this agreement, waive any rights they may have to a jury trial in regard to arbitral claims. c. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp."
"Intellectual property claims by the company will not be subject to arbitration and may, as an exception to this sub-part, be litigated."
"If you do not wish your subscription to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, you will need to log in to your iap account and follow instructions to cancel your subscription, even if you have otherwise deleted your account with us or if you have deleted the patook application from your device."
Your use of the site and its content is at your own risk .
J.
"In no event will we, our service providers, employees, agents, officers or directors be liable for damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with your use, or inability to use, the site, any sites linked to it, any content on the site or such other sites or any services or items obtained through the site or such other sites, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, including but not limited to, personal injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable."
"If you are found to be attempting to recruit users for a pyramid, marketing or other multi-layer marketing (""mlm"") scheme, you agree to pay patook the sum of $250 for each user that you contacted as a reasonable approximation of the damages that patook may incur due to you attempting to recruit another user for a pyramid marketing or other mlm scheme, even if that specific user did not reply or you did not begin recruiting them."
Please read carefully before accepting.
"We hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for any particular purpose."
Limited license .
Patook.com/sendfeedback .
"As a reasonable approximation of the damages that patook may incur, you may be liable for up to $250 in liquidated damages per violation."
C. we do not guarantee that any of the information provided by patook users to patook is accurate.
(2) patook may use or redistribute the submissions and their contents for any purpose and in any way.
(3) there is no obligation for patook to review the submission.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
17.
"As a reasonable estimation of such harm, you agree to pay patook $100 for each such unsolicited communication you send through the services."
"In general, the ncmec has contact information for patook staff and can get fast responses."
Or they may forge verification pictures.
E. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"By requesting to use, registering to use, and/or using the site, you represent and warrant that you have never been convicted of a felony and are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity."
Do not disclose them to any third party.
The company makes no representations or warranties as to the conduct of users of their compatibility with any current or future users.
K. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
"If we believe that any posted material violates any applicable law, we will remove or disable access to any such material and/or terminate or suspend the offending user's account."
"Post or transmit to other users any defamatory, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive, threatening, harassing, racially offensive, or objectionable material."
11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; risk assumption and precautions.
"You agree that patook may take additional precautions against such behavior, including, but not limited to, publishing your information/photo/contact info on a public list of known mlm schemers, or contacting all the users you were in touch with and asking them to report you."
"Transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material and unsolicited mass communication without our prior written consent."
Iii.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp; &nbsp; 8.
We may hide your messages from certain users or all users.
"You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the site, its affiliates and licensors and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, and licensors from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from your violation of these terms and conditions or your use of the site, including, without limitation, any use of the site's content, services or items purchased through the site."
"If you subscribed using your apple id, refunds are handled by apple, not patook."
Do not include any ideas that patook's policy will not permit it to accept or consider.
"We do not guarantee that the information provided on the site is complete, accurate or up-to-date."
12.
Take appropriate legal action as may be necessary.
C- &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
You are solely responsible for your personal safety and the security of your personal information.
Your continued use of the site following the posting of any revised or updated terms and conditions constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
"Disputes between users as a neutral venue, we do not offer mediation, arbitration or any other forms of dispute resolution and do not actively monitor user interactions."
"Introduce any viruses or other harmful material, use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the site."
We then post the changes on this page.
In app purchases.&nbsp.
"For example, users may provide verification and then change their picture to something else."
The refund would then be at their discretion.
"You may not transmit any chain letters, junk or spam e-mail to other users."
"This agreement, or the rights granted hereunder, may not be assigned, sold, leased or otherwise transferred in whole or part by you."
"Site contents, look and feel, features, design, and registered and unregistered trademarks are protected by the u.s. and international copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws."
F. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp.
&nbsp; 2 1.
&nbsp; 15.&nbsp;severability and non-waiver a.
"We are not liable for any property damage, bodily injury or death of the site user or any third party."
10.
"We have the right to take any action that we deem necessary or appropriate if we believe that a user violates the terms and conditions, infringes any intellectual property right or other right, threatens the personal safety of users of the site and the public.we may take any action, including but not limited to: i."
