text
"If you are under 13, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the services. 2."
"Terms by accessing and/or using our website at https://spacehey.com (spacehey.com) or any sub-site you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws."
However spacehey.com does not make any commitment to update the materials. 10.
Modifications spacehey.com may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
The materials contained in this websites are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. you must be at least 13 years old to use the spacehey services.
You use all third-party links &amp.
"Governing law and juristication these terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of germany and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in stuttgart, germany."
You are exclusively responsible for your user content.
"Or transfer the materials to another person or ""mirror"" the materials on any other server. this license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by spacehey.com at any time."
Links spacehey.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
"Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format. 7."
You hereby certify that your user content does not violate our acceptable use policy (see below).
"Spacehey.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. further, spacehey.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials and services provided on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site . 8."
13.
Spacehey.com provides access to these third-party links &amp.
Please read the spacehey rules as well. terms of service last updated: 23.12.2020 1.
You are solely responsible for making your own backup copies of your user content if you desire. 3.
"Spacehey.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current."
"Ads the site may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third-parties."
"Contact information email: for more information, see our imprint at https://tibushlabs.de/imprint the spacehey.com website located at https://spacehey.com is a copyrighted work belonging to spacehey.com."
"Or that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party . in addition, you agree not to: upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the site any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; send through the site unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages ; use the site to harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users without their consent; interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the site, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; attempt to gain unauthorized access to the site, whether through password mining, brute force or ddos attacks or any other means ; harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the site ."
"Such action may include blocking, removing or modifying your user content, terminating your account in accordance with section 8, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities. if you provide spacehey.com with any feedback or suggestions regarding the site, you hereby assign to spacehey.com all rights in such feedback and agree that spacehey.com shall have the right to use and fully exploit such feedback and related information in any manner it believes appropriate."
"Ads are not under the control of spacehey.com, and spacehey.com is not responsible for any third-party links &amp."
When you click on any of the third-party links &amp.
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by spacehey.com of the site.
Such third-party links &amp.
Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk. 11.
"Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. 9."
You bear all risks associated with use of your user content.
"You may not represent or imply to others that your user content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by spacehey.com."
"Because you alone are responsible for your user content, you may expose yourself to liability."
"Also, your user content may be deleted at any time without prior notice to you ."
"Cookies and web beacons like many other websites, spacehey.com uses ‘cookies’."
The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information. 6.
Spacehey.com is not obliged to backup any user content that you post.
"Ads at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so."
"Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to third-party links &amp."
By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service . 12.
"Use license of the spacehey.com website permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the website materials (information or code) on spacehey.com's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only."
"User content ""user content"" means any and all information and content that a user submits to the site."
"Certain features of the site may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the site in connection with such features. all such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into these terms. these terms of use described the legally binding terms and conditions that oversee your use of the site."
Spacehey.com will treat any feedback you provide to spacehey.com as non-confidential and non-proprietary. 4.
"Accuracy of materials the materials appearing on spacehey.com's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors."
"Acceptable use policy the following terms constitute our ""acceptable use policy"": you agree not to use the site to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any user content that violates any third-party right or any intellectual property or proprietary right; that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening , harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; that is harmful to minors in any way."
Ads.
"T hese cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited."
"If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing these sites."
Third-party links &amp.
"By logging into the site, you are being compliant that these terms and you represent that you have the authority and capacity to enter into these terms."
Disclaimer the materials and services on spacehey.com's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
Spacehey.com may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
"This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: modify or copy the materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on spacehey.com's website; remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials."
"Or use software or automated agents or scripts that don't use the official spacehey.com api to produce multiple accounts on the site or to generate automated searches, requests, or queries to the site. we reserve the right to review any user content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the acceptable use policy or any other provision of these terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person."
"Limitations in no event shall spacehey.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials or services on spacehey.com's website, even if spacehey.com or a spacehey.com authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage."
"Ads, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy and data gathering practices. 5."
"If you disagree with all of the provision of these terms, do not log into and/or use the site."
