text
2.
"Privacy policy at the time of registration, toyhou.se will collect from you a user name, password and valid e-mail address in order to verify your identity."
Site terms of use modifications toyhouse may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice .
6.
Toyhouse may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.
It is your responsibility to ensure that your password credentials are kept confidential and to inform toyhouse if you have reason to believe your account has been compromised.
Toyhouse does not claim ownership over any user content submitted to the site.
Your ip address and user agent (what browser and platform you're using to access the site) will be logged throughout your usage of the site.
Toyhou.se will not send unsolicited promotional mail to this address.
"User content (as defined below) is provided by, and is solely the responsibility of, the user who has submitted that content."
"If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site."
The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Toyhouse reserves the right to alter or remove this paid service or any privileges associated with this paid service.
Toyhouse reserves the right to remove any user content at our discretion.
"By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you agree that you are of at least 13 years of age."
Toyhou.se register login menu help desk about general faq characters faq images faq world faq rules terms of service terms of service 1.
"Toyhouse does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current."
"Further, toyhouse does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site."
"User accounts in order to use parts of toyhouse services, you will be required to create a user account."
Users may purchase premium subscriber privileges which will be attached to an individual user account.
This is a paid service provided by toyhouse.
"User content ""user content"" refers to any materials including without limitation text, images, audio, video and audio-visual material that is submitted by a toyhouse user."
The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by toyhouse of the site.
"Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you."
Your e-mail address will be stored for the duration of your account's existence.
"Toyhouse makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights."
4.
"Terms by accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website terms and conditions of use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws."
By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms and conditions of use.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
5.
925 users online 5:42 pm â© cyancrows 2017 about faq rules tos ã— log in ã— username password forgotten your password?
We will not release your personal information under any circumstances short of as a requirement by the laws of australia or the united states.
Toyhouse may disable your user account at our discretion without notice or explanation and regardless of your conduct or submitted content .
"Toyhou.se will collect from you a date of birth, stored for the duration of your account's existence."
"When logging in, session information will be kept in your cookies."
"The materials appearing on toyhouse could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors."
You must be at least 13 years of age in order to access this website.
"Toyhouse does not undertake to comprehensively monitor the submission of user content to this website, nor do we take responsibility for content that is submitted to this website or what effects it may have on you."
You may request your account to be closed and data to be expunged from our server at any time by filing a ticket via the helpdesk.
You agree to provide toyhouse with accurate and complete information for registration.
"For the sole purpose of making your content available on toyhouse, you grant to toyhouse a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable license to use, reproduce, adapt and distribute any user content that you submit to the site ."
This is used for account retrieval in the event your account details are lost.
3.
Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
The personal information listed above will only be made available to toyhou.se administrators for the purposes of administering site services and enforcing site rules.
Links toyhouse has not reviewed all of the sites linked to and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
7.
"Any submitted user content must not be illegal in nature and must not give rise to legal action whether against you, toyhouse, or a third party (under any applicable law) ."
"Purchases of paid services are final and non-refundable, except at toyhouse's sole discretion."
"This is used for (1) verifying individual user identities in case of malicious site usage or unauthorized account accesses, and (2) for troubleshooting individual technical problems or site errors."
"Limitations in no event shall toyhouse or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the toyhouse website, even if toyhouse or a toyhouse authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage."
"Toyhouse does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials."
"Disclaimer the materials on toyhouse are provided ""as is""."
Termination of your user account may result in forfeiture of these paid services.
"Toyhou.se will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification."
This is used for verifying that you are of age to use the site and view mature content.
