text
"A statement that you have a good faith belief that the material's use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
Files that infringe on the copyrights of any entity excluding the user.
The terms of service are subject to change at any time at our discretion.
"Waiver by accepting these terms, you waive and hold harmless company from any claims resulting from any action taken by vidble during or as a result of its investigations and/or from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either vidble or law enforcement authorities."
These terms of use constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to this subject matter.
"You specifically consent to personal jurisdiction in king county, wa in connection with any dispute between you and company arising out of these terms of use or pertaining to the subject matter hereof."
"Also... don't upload copyrighted material, harassment, spam, or anything that might be illegal. the terms of service (tos) govern your use of this site."
All vidble art and text on this website are copyrighted.
All information provided by the user is strictly confidential.
Circumventing vidble's ability to enforce the vidble terms of service will result in prosecution.
All files are copyrighted â© to their respective owners.
"Conditions, or any other rules or policies, your sole remedy is to discontinue the use of the service."
"Please consult the terms of service regularly. vidble reserves the right to remove or replace any uploaded files, and assumes no liability for lost registration links or misplaced file urls."
"Your address, telephone number, and email address your physical or electronic signature."
"If any part of these terms of use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions."
"By accessing this site, you are indicating your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of service."
"The vidble website may not load, all vidble-hosted files may not load, and all files related to the abusive files will be subject to deletion."
Your use of this site after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of the changes.
In no event shall vidble be liable for any damages whatsoever.
"Our agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows: abuse@vidble.com indemnity user agrees to indemnify and hold vidble harmless from any loss, liability, claims, damages and expenses, including attorneys fees, arising from or related to the content, use, or deletion of user's files or use of any other feature or service."
Any defamatory or unlawful material contained within user's files.
User's use of vidble's services is entirely at his or hers own risk.
"Vidble is not responsible for the content of any uploaded files, nor is it in affiliation with any entities that may be represented in the uploaded files."
"Vidble's services are provided on an ""as is"" basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, constructive, or statutory, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose."
"Notification of claims of infringement if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide the following information to our agent: identification of the material that you claim is infringing, with enough detail that we can locate it on the site."
Maintenance vidble may perform maintenance services at anytime.
Uploading abusive files may result in the immediate termination of the user's ability to use vidble or any of its provided services.
"Miscellaneous these terms of use will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of king county, washington united states of america, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law."
"Vidble makes no guarantee of availability of service and reserves the right to change, withdraw, suspend, or discontinue any functionality or feature of vidble's services."
This expressly includes: user's responsibility for any and all liability arising from the violation or infringement of proprietary rights or copyrights.
"The parties to these terms of use each agree that the exclusive venue for any dispute between the parties arising out of these terms of use or pertaining to the subject matter of these terms of use will be in the state and federal courts in king county, washington."
Vidble may revise these terms of use at any time by updating this posting .
"A statement declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner."
"Notwithstanding the foregoing, any additional terms and conditions on this site will govern the items to which they pertain."
"This includes direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use vidble's services or any content thereon."
Vidble directs full legal responsibility of files to their respective users.
"Gore intended to be offensive, disgusting and/or disturbing to viewers."
"User acknowledges that such maintenance may require downtime, and images hosted on vidble may not load during this time."
"However, vidble reserves the right to release user information if user has violated the vidble terms of service, if the information is subpoenaed, or if the user has committed unlawful acts."
"Vidble reserves the right to distribute aggregated demographic information provided by the user , but vidble will never release any personal information about the user without permission ."
"The following types of files constitute ""abuse"" and may not be uploaded under any circumstances, when using vidble's media hosting: files that violate any law or may be considered to violate any law."
If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of vidble's service or with these terms &amp.
"To report any type of abuse, send email using the request deletion page."
