And affiliates ( “ twilio indemnified parties ” )&nbsp.
"Don’t use our services to break the laws, regulations, rules, etc., to violate these terms, to violate our acceptable use policy, or to violate someone else’s rights; don’t use our services to break the laws, regulations, rules, etc., to violate these terms, to violate our acceptable use policy, or to violate someone else’s rights; we can suspend our services for several reasons, in addition to your failure to pay your fees when they are due, we can suspend our services for several reasons, in addition to your failure to pay your fees when they are due, 3. your use negatively impacts the operation of our services."
We welcome your contributions about the services.
We will give you notice of the compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted).
"You will defend twilio, its officers, directors, employees,&nbsp."
"These terms of service will be effective october 1, 2020. these terms of service will be effective october 1, 2020."
"Third party alleging or arising out of (a) your or any of your end users’ breach of these terms or your obligations under section 5 (customer responsibilities, restrictions and requirements), or breach of your representations or warranties under section 12 of these terms."
"Upon termination of these terms, your payment obligations, the terms of this section 16, and the terms of the following sections will survive (i.e."
Prior notice of changes: twilio may update these terms of service from time to time by providing you with prior written notice of material updates at least thirty (30) days in advance of the effective date.
"Except as provided in section 18 (agreement to arbitration), any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to these terms or the services shall be instituted in either the state or federal courts of san francisco, california, and we each consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts."
"Emergency services), section 17 (general), and section 18 (agreement to arbitrate). upon termination of these terms, your payment obligations, the terms of this section 16, and the terms of the following sections will survive (i.e."
(b) we may use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) your contributions for any purpose and in any way.
"Payment obligations can’t be canceled, and fees paid are non-refundable."
"The services are provided “as is,” and twilio makes no warranty of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, and twilio&nbsp."
Class action waiver.
(c) we own your contributions.
"As part of the account creation process, you’ll be asked to provide your email address, create a password, and verify that you’re a human being by providing a telephone number to which we’ll send you a verification code to enter into a form."
Either we or you may terminate these terms and close your twilio account(s) for any reason 30 days after one of us tells the other in writing.
And affiliates (“ twilio indemnified parties ”)&nbsp.
"Still apply): section 4 (customer data), section 10 (fees, payment terms, taxes), section 11 (ownership and confidentiality), section 13 (mutual indemnification), section 14 (limitation of liability."
Notice will be given in your account portal or via an email to the email address owner of your account.
"If you want to use our services, you need to create a customer account."
(b) your or any of your end users’ use of the services or any activities under these terms.
3. your use negatively impacts the operation of our services.
This notice will highlight the intended updates.
"Given your written approval.&nbsp;&nbsp; you will defend twilio, its officers, directors, employees,&nbsp."
"From and against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made or brought against a twilio indemnified party by a&nbsp."
We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your customer account(s).
"You are responsible for anything that happens under each of your accounts, including anything the users of your application do while using your application,&nbsp;and that means even if someone fraudulently uses your account, you are responsible for those fees. you are responsible for anything that happens under each of your accounts, including anything the users of your application do while using your application,&nbsp;and that means even if someone fraudulently uses your account, you are responsible for those fees."
"Until you register for an account, your access to the services will be limited to what is available to the general public."
"If a dispute cannot be resolved through our customer support team, you or any of your affiliates on one hand and twilio and any of twilio’s affiliates on the other hand, all agree to resolve any dispute relating to these terms or in relation to the services by binding arbitration in san francisco, california."
"Apart from section 18, these terms will be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the state of california without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause laws of another jurisdiction to apply."
"Or (c) your customer application, including, without limitation, any intellectual property claims for infringement or misappropriation relating to each customer application (collectively, “customer indemnifiable claims”) and will indemnify twilio from any damages, attorney fees, and costs finally awarded against twilio indemnified parties as a result of, or for amounts paid by twilio indemnified parties to settle a customer indemnifiable claim under a settlement under section 13.5 (conditions of indemnification) for which you have&nbsp."
"Except for any of our explicit warranties in this section 12 and our obligations described in these terms, we are offering our services “as is.” except for any of our explicit warranties in this section 12 and our obligations described in these terms, we are offering our services “as is.” the services are provided “as is,” and twilio makes no warranty of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, and twilio&nbsp."
"Neither twilio nor its representatives will be liable under any legal or equitable theory for any claim, damage, or loss (and customer will hold twilio harmless against any and all such claims) arising from or relating to the inability to use the services to contact emergency services, as defined in section 5.2(b), above.&nbsp."
"That means neither you and your affiliates on one hand nor twilio and its affiliates on the other hand can bring a claim as a plaintiff or class member in a class action, consolidated action, or representative action."
"To use the services, you will be asked to create a customer account."
"If you elect to pay via credit card, then you are responsible for either (a) enabling auto-recharge on your customer account(s) if you elect to pay via credit card, then you are responsible for either (a) enabling auto-recharge on your customer account(s) payment obligations can’t be canceled, and fees paid are non-refundable."
"Ownership and confidentiality what’s ours is ours, and what’s yours is yours."
Fun let your imagination run wild with twilio!
Extent permitted by law.
We both agree to arbitrate.
19.
"Specifically disclaims all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, to the fullest&nbsp."
"Our failure to enforce at any time any provision of these terms, our acceptable use policy, or any other of your obligations does not waive our right to do so later."
But please know that by submitting contributions you agree that: (a) we are not under any obligation of confidentiality with respect to your contributions.
"We’ll try to let you know if we need to suspend your customer account(s) in advance if we can, but cannot guarantee this. we’ll try to let you know if we need to suspend your customer account(s) in advance if we can, but cannot guarantee this."
"You understand and acknowledge that developing applications should be fun and easy, and by using the services, you agree to let your imagination run wild."
"Both you and your affiliates, on one hand, and twilio and its affiliates on the other hand, agree that any claims or controversies between us must be brought against each other on an individual basis only."
And (d) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from us under any circumstances for your contributions.
And (d) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from us under any circumstances for your contributions. suggestions and contributions.
"Twilio may disclose your confidential information if so required pursuant to a regulation, law or court order."
"Fun let your imagination run wild with twilio! you understand and acknowledge that developing applications should be fun and easy, and by using the services, you agree to let your imagination run wild. 19."
In no event will the aggregate liability of each party arising out of or related to these terms exceed the amounts paid or payable by customer hereunder for the services giving rise to the liability during the twelve (12) month period preceding the first incident out of which the liability arose.
Given your written approval.&nbsp;&nbsp; in no event will the aggregate liability of each party arising out of or related to these terms exceed the amounts paid or payable by customer hereunder for the services giving rise to the liability during the twelve (12) month period preceding the first incident out of which the liability arose.
These terms will not be governed by the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods.
Suggestions and contributions.
"If a dispute cannot be resolved through our customer support team, you or any of your affiliates on one hand and twilio and any of twilio’s affiliates on the other hand, all agree to resolve any dispute relating to these terms or in relation to the services by binding arbitration in san francisco, california. we both agree to arbitrate."
"Emergency services), section 17 (general), and section 18 (agreement to arbitrate)."
"If you have any questions, you can reach twilio at&nbsp; twilio.com/help/contact if you have any questions, you can reach twilio at&nbsp; twilio.com/help/contact if you keep using our services after you receive notice from us that the terms have changed, then that means you have accepted those changes and they will be binding on you. if you keep using our services after you receive notice from us that the terms have changed, then that means you have accepted those changes and they will be binding on you."
"When registering for an account, you must provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as requested during the account creation process."
"If you significantly breach these terms, and don’t fix the breach within five (5) days of us telling you about the breach, then we may terminate these terms and close your twilio account(s)."
