"Customer hereby grants to bitly an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, sublicensable, transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license, to use, copy, import, display, reproduce, perform, distribute, create derivative works, alter or modify all urls and other information provided by customer to bitly (“customer content”) in connection with the provision, operation and promotion of the bitly services, creation of bitly link metrics and for other business purposes."
"If we modify these terms, we will post the modification on our site or provide you with notice of the modification on your bitly account details page."
"If customer does not remedy its non-compliance within five (5) business days, bitly reserves the right to suspend or terminate customer’s use of the bitly services."
"However, if customer does so, all right, title and interest in and to such feedback shall be assigned to, and shall become the sole and exclusive property of, bitly upon its creation."
"Bitly reserves the right to suspend customer’s use of the bitly services without notice in the event that it believes, in good faith, the security of customer’s bitly account has been compromised, or the customer’s bitly account is being used for an unlawful purpose."
"Bitly reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or replace this agreement at any time."
"Bitly services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties implied by any course of performance or usage of trade, all of which are expressly disclaimed."
"(ii) shortened urls, the bitly services and bitly link metrics will be accurate, error-free or that any defects or errors will be corrected."
"We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms of service or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the services or content (collectively, “disputes”) will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding."
"You and bitly agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding."
"Customer will defend, indemnify and hold harmless bitly, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and their employees, officers, directors, representatives, contractors, customers, business partners, successors and assigns (“bitly indemnitees”) from and against any third party claims and actions, customer will defend, indemnify and hold harmless bitly, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and their employees, officers, directors, representatives, contractors, customers, business partners, successors and assigns (“bitly indemnitees”) from and against any third party claims and actions, to the fullest extent permitted by law, customer agrees any customer claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the bitly services, bitly link metrics or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim of action arose or be forever banned."
And may suspend or terminate customer’s access to the services without notice for violation of the agreement.
Fees are non-refundable except as required by law or as otherwise specifically permitted in this agreement.
The failure of bitly to enforce any right or provision of these terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision.
"(iv) the results of using the bitly services or bitly link metrics will meet customer’s requirements or any of its or its users’, personnel’s or customers’ business needs."
"To the fullest extent permitted by law, customer agrees any customer claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the bitly services, bitly link metrics or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim of action arose or be forever banned."
