"To the full extent permissible by law, blooket will not be liable for any loss of profits or any indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with this these terms."
We may update these terms from time to time.
"409 south ridge avenue middletown, de 19709 email: gstewart@gregstewartlaw.complease include all of the following in your dmca notice: identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed."
"You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless blooket, its affiliates, and licensors, and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from your user contributions or violation of these terms."
Your continued use of the services following the posting of revised terms means that you accept and agree to the changes.
"Not refundable in whole or in part, regardless of the payment method, except as expressly set forth in these terms or as required by applicable law."
Blooket’s aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these terms will not exceed the total amounts you have paid (if any) to blooket under this agreement during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the events giving rise to such liability.
"Any user contribution that you post will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant blooket a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such user contribution throughout the world in any media."
"Provide your full legal name, mailing address, telephone number, and (if available) e-mail address."
"The services and all information, content, materials, products (including software), and other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the services are provided by blooket on an “as is” and “as available” basis."
Any failure of blooket to assert a right or provision under these terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
"If you believe that your work has been used on the website or in any other services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit a notice of alleged infringement (“dmca notice”) to our designated copyright agent as follows: law office of gregory d. stewart, p.a."
"Identify the material that you claim is infringing, including a description of where the material is located."
"If all or any provision of these terms of service is found invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, then you and blooket agree that the provision will be severed and the rest of these terms shall remain in effect and be construed as if any severed provision had not been included."
"Attn: gregory d. stewart, esq."
"You agree not to access or use the services for any purpose that is illegal user contributions must not be illegal, fraudulent, deceptive, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and must not consist of or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” user contributions must not be illegal, fraudulent, deceptive, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and must not consist of or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” any user contribution that you post will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant blooket a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such user contribution throughout the world in any media."
Your description must be reasonably sufficient to enable us to locate the material.
"If your dmca notice covers multiple works, you may provide a representative list of such works."
"To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you and blooket agree to only bring disputes in an individual capacity and shall not: seek to bring, join, or participate in any class or representative action, collective or class-wide arbitration, or any other action where another individual or entity acts in a representative capacity (e.g., private attorney general actions)."
Blooket has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit remove any user contributions.
"We reserve the right to change your display name if we deem it offensive, misleading, potentially infringing the rights of third parties or if you have been inactive for more than a year."
"Include the following statement in the body of the dmca notice: i have a good-faith belief that the use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
Or consolidate or combine individual proceedings or permit an arbitrator to do so without the express consent of all parties to these terms and all other actions or arbitrations.
Provide your electronic or physical signature.
Blooket takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Gifting or otherwise transferring of accounts or access keys is prohibited.
"I represent that the information in this dmca notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that i am the owner of the copyright or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf."
You must immediately notify blooket (via contact-us@blooket.com) of any unauthorized use of your username or password or any other breach of security.
"Where possible, please include the url of the webpage where the material is located."
