You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content.
Or that any errors in the service will be corrected.
"The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless campfire technology llc and our subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these terms of service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party."
These terms of service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of connecticut.
"You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk."
"You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws)."
"We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free."
"(f) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the service or of any related website, other websites, or the internet."
"By agreeing to these terms of service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence."
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms of service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
(d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.
"You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, you further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, in addition to other prohibitions as set forth in these terms of service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose."
"(h) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape."
It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for updates .
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
"(e) to harass, abuse, or harm."
"We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these terms of service by posting updates to our website."
"You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless campfire technology llc and our subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these terms of service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party."
Your continued use of or access to our website or the service following the posting of any updates to these terms of service constitutes acceptance of any and all changes.
"We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current."
"In the event that any provision of these terms of service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these terms of service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions."
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
"In short, what belongs to you stays yours."
"Or (i) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the service or any related website, other websites, or the internet."
We reserve the right to terminate your use of the service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
"We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, we do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the service will be corrected."
(g) to collect or track the personal information of others.
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
"Our service may allow you to upload, submit, store, send or receive content."
"The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, you expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk."
"In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in these terms of service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose."
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts.
"(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances."
