§ 512 to the following address:
"By using the service after any change in the agreement is posted, you agree to be bound by all of the changes as well."
"Any action to enforce this agreement or in any manner related to the service shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in chicago, illinois, and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts."
"You agree that crain will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such information, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource."
You retain all rights and responsibility for the user content you post.
"You agree to not post material that:&nbsp; contains vulgar, profane, abusive or hateful language, inflammatory attacks of a personal, racial or religious nature, or expressions of bigotry, racism, discrimination or hate; you agree to not post material that:&nbsp; contains vulgar, profane, abusive or hateful language, inflammatory attacks of a personal, racial or religious nature, or expressions of bigotry, racism, discrimination or hate; is defamatory, threatening, false, misleading, fraudulent, unfair, contains gross exaggeration or unsubstantiated claims, is defamatory, threatening, false, misleading, fraudulent, unfair, contains gross exaggeration or unsubstantiated claims, unfairly interferes with the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the service; unfairly interferes with the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the service; contains or transmits viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files."
"Crain may discontinue or change the service, or its availability to you, at any time without notice."
"Contains or transmits viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files."
"Crain and its agents and licensors do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currentness, noninfringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of the news and information available through the service."
"We further reserve the right to disclose any information about you, including registration data, in order to comply with any applicable laws and/or requests under legal process, to operate our systems properly, to protect our property or rights, and to safeguard the interests of others."
"You further grant us a non-exclusive you further grant us a non-exclusive perpetual, irrevocable license perpetual, irrevocable license and right to publicly display, distribute, reproduce, modify, translate, edit, create derivative works and use the user content throughout the world in any media solely as part of the features of the service (including as an incidental part of advertising or marketing)."
"If you have been issued a login id and password in order to access our restricted content, you may not share your login id and password with others."
"Crain has no control over those sites and resources, or over the advertising material presented by third-party advertisers and sponsors through the service."
"All materials, information, software, products and services included in or available through the service are provided ""as is""."
"§ 512 to the following address: if you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible through the service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that the service contains a link or other reference to another online location that contains materials or activity that infringes on your copyright rights, you may notify crain communications inc. by providing the information required by the online copyright infringement liability limitation act of the digital millennium copyright act, 17 u.s.c."
"You agree that the liability of crain, its agents and licensors, if any, arising out of any kind of legal claim (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) in any way connected with the service or the information in the service shall not exceed the amount, if any,that you paid to crain for use of the service. you agree that the liability of crain, its agents and licensors, if any, arising out of any kind of legal claim (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) in any way connected with the service or the information in the service shall not exceed the amount, if any,that you paid to crain for use of the service."
"Certain portions of the service may allow you to post or submit comments, reviews, ideas, or creative content (“user content”) for use by the service."
"This grant of rights and license applies to use of your name, photo, likeness, voice, and other personal information, if included in the user content."
Crain may change the terms in this agreement at any time.
"When you use your login id and password to access our restricted content, you warrant that you are the authorized user and that you provided accurate information about yourself and your company when you signed up for the restricted content. if you have been issued a login id and password in order to access our restricted content, you may not share your login id and password with others."
"Crain reserves the right to delete or edit any of your comments or content at any time, for any reason, but has no obligation to review or remove any such comments or content."
"Neither crain, nor any of its agents or licensors shall be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or injury caused in whole or part by its negligence or contingencies beyond its control in procuring, compiling, interpreting, reporting or delivering the service and any news and information through the service. neither crain, nor any of its agents or licensors shall be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or injury caused in whole or part by its negligence or contingencies beyond its control in procuring, compiling, interpreting, reporting or delivering the service and any news and information through the service."
"This agreement, all intellectual property issues, and your rights and obligations shall be governed by the laws of the united states of america and the state of illinois governing contracts wholly entered into and wholly performed within illinois any action to enforce this agreement or in any manner related to the service shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in chicago, illinois, and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts."
"Miscellaneous through your use of the service, you may be provided with hyperlinks to other internet sites or resources, including hyperlinks provided by third-party advertisers and sponsors to the service."
"If any provision of this agreement is invalid under applicable law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect."
"If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible through the service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that the service contains a link or other reference to another online location that contains materials or activity that infringes on your copyright rights, you may notify crain communications inc. by providing the information required by the online copyright infringement liability limitation act of the digital millennium copyright act, 17 u.s.c."
"When you use your login id and password to access our restricted content, you warrant that you are the authorized user and that you provided accurate information about yourself and your company when you signed up for the restricted content."
We may offer you ways to access and remove your user content.
"When material portions of the terms are changed, crain will notify you by posting a notice on the service, and the changes will appear in this document."
