"You hereby agree to indemnify crowdmark or its licensors, subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives, business partners, information providers and licensors and their respective successors and assigns (together crowdmark entities ) harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages, liabilities, expenses and costs, including reasonable legal fees, suffered by any of the crowdmark entities, directly or indirectly, resulting from: (a) your use of the services."
Crowdmark may change these terms of service from time to time without notice to you.
"By making content available to crowdmark or to others through the services, you hereby grant crowdmark and its licensors and third party service providers, without any additional consideration, a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid up license by making content available to crowdmark or to others through the services, you hereby grant crowdmark and its licensors and third party service providers, without any additional consideration, a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid up license (with a right to sublicense) through any or all media or distribution methods (whether now known or hereafter developed)."
"If you follow the cancellation procedure, crowdmark will, subject to any licences granted hereunder, cancel your account immediately and crowdmark will use reasonable efforts to delete all content uploaded, posted or submitted to the services from your account promptly after cancellation crowdmark, in its sole discretion, has the right to terminate these terms of service, or to suspend, terminate or restrict your access to any of the services, or any other crowdmark service, for any reason and at any time without notice."
"You retain your ownership in and to content you submit, post or upload to the services, and your use of the services does not transfer any ownership from you to crowdmark."
"You acknowledge that crowdmark uses third party service providers and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the services, including third parties to permit the uploading and submission of content to the services and to process payments, if any."
"If crowdmark decides to terminate your access to any of the services, crowdmark may deactivate, suspend or delete your account or your access to your account, and may delete all content uploaded, posted, or submitted to the services through your account."
P>if you choose to cancel your crowdmark account you are solely responsible for doing in accordance with crowdmark’s then current cancellation procedure (the cancellation procedure) set out on crowdmark’s website at crowdmark.com.
Your continued use of the services after any such change shall constitute your acceptance of such change.
"You hereby waive, in favour of crowdmark, your moral rights under canada’s copyright act or any successor legislation or similar law under the laws of canada or the laws of other countries, that you, as author, have or may in your content. you hereby waive, in favour of crowdmark, your moral rights under canada’s copyright act or any successor legislation or similar law under the laws of canada or the laws of other countries, that you, as author, have or may in your content."
"By providing feedback to crowdmark you agree that: your provision of such feedback is free of charge, unsolicited and without restriction."
"If you follow the cancellation procedure, crowdmark will, subject to any licences granted hereunder, cancel your account immediately and crowdmark will use reasonable efforts to delete all content uploaded, posted or submitted to the services from your account promptly after cancellation p>if you choose to cancel your crowdmark account you are solely responsible for doing in accordance with crowdmark’s then current cancellation procedure (the cancellation procedure ) set out on crowdmark’s website at crowdmark.com."
You are responsible for regularly reviewing the most current version of the terms of service which are currently available at: crowdmark.com/legal/.
"Crowdmark, in its sole discretion, has the right to terminate these terms of service, or to suspend, terminate or restrict your access to any of the services, or any other crowdmark service, for any reason and at any time without notice."
And crowdmark owns all rights and interest in such feedback.
Crowdmark does not waive any rights to use any feedback or similar feedback developed or obtained by crowdmark.
"These terms of service are governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of ontario and the applicable laws of canada, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws contained therein, and you hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of ontario."
Crowdmark can use or disclose to any third party the feedback without any additional compensation to you.
"You hereby agree to indemnify crowdmark or its licensors, subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents, representatives, business partners, information providers and licensors and their respective successors and assigns (together crowdmark entities) harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages, liabilities, expenses and costs, including reasonable legal fees, suffered by any of the crowdmark entities, directly or indirectly, resulting from: (a) your use of the services."
"Crowdmark does not waive any rights to use any feedback or similar feedback developed or obtained by crowdmark. by providing feedback to crowdmark you agree that: your provision of such feedback is free of charge, unsolicited and without restriction."
Through any or all media or distribution methods (whether now known or hereafter developed).
