"If you create an account on discoursehosting, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and forum, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the forum."
Payments will be charged on the subscription start date and will cover the use of the service for a monthly or annual period as indicated.
"Changes to the tos discoursehosting reserves the right to amend any or all of the above policies, guidelines and disclaimer upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you."
By selecting a subscription plan you agree to pay discoursehosting the monthly or annual subscription fees for the service and additional usage fees indicated for that subscription plan.
"Our network and servers are monitored continuously, and are rarely down except for scheduled maintenance and hardware and software upgrades discoursehosting shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental and consequential damages, which may arise from discoursehosting’ servers going off-line or being unavailable for any reason whatsoever."
"Thus, certain equipment, routing, software and programming used by discoursehosting are not directly owned or written by discoursehosting."
"Customer agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold discoursehosting harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable attorney’s fees asserted against discoursehosting, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, its agents, employees or assigns."
"Our network and servers are monitored continuously, and are rarely down except for scheduled maintenance and hardware and software upgrades we offer an uptime guarantee of 99.9%."
Certain services provided by discoursehosting are resold.
"Discoursehosting shall not be responsible for any claimed damages, including incidental and consequential damages, which may arise from discoursehosting’ servers going off-line or being unavailable for any reason whatsoever."
"Thus, certain equipment, routing, software and programming used by discoursehosting are not directly owned or written by discoursehosting. certain services provided by discoursehosting are resold."
The subscription can be canceled at any time in the payments section of your site’s dashboard. the subscription can be canceled at any time in the payments section of your site’s dashboard.
Subscription fees are not refundable and are paid in advance of using such services.
Any downtime over 0.1% will be refunded with a prorated fee based on actual downtime per month.
We offer an uptime guarantee of 99.9%.
