Any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such download or your use of the service.
"In the event that any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these terms will remain in full force and effect."
"Dmca agent contact information:&nbsp; disqus, inc.&nbsp; attn: dmca notice disqus, inc. 717 market street, suite 700 san francisco, ca 94105 email: dmca@disqus.com disqus has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers."
"Disqus may also at its sole discretion limit access to the service and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, bullying."
"Or your violation of applicable law, third party proprietary rights or these terms.&nbsp; p> you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless disqus and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) relating to your use of service or actions taken through the service, your user content or any other data or content transmitted or received by you."
Disqus prohibits bullying and hate speech and requires our users to respect each other and comment with the respect and sensitivity of others in mind.&nbsp; the service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Your access to and use of the service is at your own risk.
"&nbsp;accuracy, reliability or correctness of the services or any content that the service will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted, secure, or error free."
"Copyright infringement: digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (“dmca”) if you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement under the dmca and is accessible via the service, please notify disqus’ copyright agent at the contact information below."
The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
"You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure."
Harassment.
We do not allow bullying or hate speech on the disqus platform.
"Hate speech attacks people based on “protected characteristics” which include race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, sex, gender, gender identity or serious disability or disease."
"The disqus entities do not warrant or represent and disclaim, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all liability for: (i) the completeness."
"Without limiting the foregoing, disqus, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (the “disqus entities”) disclaim, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement."
"P> you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless disqus and its subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) relating to your use of service or actions taken through the service, your user content or any other data or content transmitted or received by you."
Bullying targets individuals with the intention of degrading or shaming them.
"Or your violation of applicable law, third party proprietary rights or these terms.&nbsp; in the event that any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these terms will remain in full force and effect."
"Disqus reserves the right to revoke your license to use the service at any time and for any reason disqus reserves the right to revoke your license to use the service at any time and for any reason we may, without prior notice to you, add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop the service altogether. we may, without prior notice to you, add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop the service altogether."
Bullying is especially harmful to minors because they may be more vulnerable.
Hate speech.
"That the service will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted, secure, or error free."
"And a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner."
"All claims must be brought in the parties’ individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding."
"&nbsp;accuracy, reliability or correctness of the services or any content do not warrant or represent and disclaim, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all liability for: (i) the completeness."
"For your complaint to be valid under the dmca, you must provide the following information in writing: an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the service; information reasonably sufficient to permit disqus to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law."
"You agree that, by entering into these terms, you are waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. you agree that, by entering into these terms, you are waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action."
"These terms contain a mandatory arbitration of disputes provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limits the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute."
