"You will not use the services, or any content accessible through the services, for any commercial purpose, you will not use the services, or any content accessible through the services, for any commercial purpose, you will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the services and/or to any account, resource, computer system, and/or network connected to any doordash server."
"At its sole discretion, doordash may modify or discontinue the software or service, at its sole discretion, doordash may modify or discontinue the software or service, may modify, may modify, suspend or terminate your access to the software or the services, for any reason, with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party."
You are solely and fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.
"You agree not to create an account or use the services if you have been previously removed by doordash, or if you have been previously banned from use of the services. you agree not to create an account or use the services if you have been previously removed by doordash, or if you have been previously banned from use of the services."
"Doordash shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any indirect, punitive, special, exemplary, incidental, consequential or other damages of any type or kind (including personal injury, lost profits, pain and suffering, emotional distress, and loss of data, revenue, use and economic advantage)."
Doordash does not warrant that the software or services will operate error-free doordash’s aggregate liability shall not exceed the greater of amounts actually paid by and/or due from you to doordash in the six (6) month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to such claim.
"Or (d) your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations through or related to the use of the software or services."
"If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest."
"Doordash is not responsible for any third-party websites, third-party applications or any third-party advertisements."
"If you do so, neither you nor doordash can force the other to arbitrate as a result of this agreement."
"Doordash makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the content made available through the software or services, doordash makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the content made available through the software or services, or the services, software, text, graphics or links. doordash does not warrant that the software or services will operate error-free or the services, software, text, graphics or links."
"Doordash reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this agreement or its policies relating to the software or services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this agreement through the services."
(p) you will not scrape or otherwise conduct any systematic retrieval of data or other content from the services.
"Suspend or terminate your access to the software or the services, for any reason, with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party."
You will not use the services for sending or storing any unlawful material you agree that: (a) you will only use the services for lawful purposes.
You must send your opt-out notice to: opt-out@doordash.com.
"Contact information for doordash’s copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement is as follows: general counsel, doordash, inc., 303 2nd st, suite 800, san francisco, ca 94107. if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our copyright agent with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest."
"If any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect."
"Doordash has no obligation to provide refunds or credits, but may grant them, in each case in doordash’s sole discretion."
"(c) your breach of this agreement or any representation, warranty or covenant in this agreement."
"The foregoing disclaimer of punitive and exemplary damages, and the entire disclaimer of damages for personal injury or property damage, or for any injury caused by doordash’s fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, shall not apply to users who reside in the state of new jersey."
Changes are periodically made to the software and services and may be made at any time without notice to you.
"And (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf."
"You will not use the services for sending or storing any unlawful material you will not use the services to cause nuisance, annoyance or inconvenience. you will not use the services to cause nuisance, annoyance or inconvenience."
You authorize doordash and its service providers to store your payment method for the purpose of executing future dashpass auto-renewal transactions.
"You will not deep-link to our websites or access our websites manually or with any robot, spider, web crawler, extraction software, automated process and/or device to scrape, copy, index, frame, or monitor any portion of our websites or any content on our websites."
"You represent and warrant that you are the owner of, or otherwise have the right to provide, all user content that you submit, post and/or otherwise transmit through the services."
This cap on liability shall apply fully to residents of new jersey. doordash’s aggregate liability shall not exceed the greater of amounts actually paid by and/or due from you to doordash in the six (6) month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to such claim.
"You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo, or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and you represent and warrant that you are not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties."
"To opt out, you must notify doordash in writing no later than 30 days after first becoming subject to this arbitration agreement."
Your continued use of the services after any such changes constitutes your agreement to such changes. your continued use of the services after any such changes constitutes your agreement to such changes.
You also agree to abide by any additional doordash policies for users that are published on our website or mobile application.
"You will not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the services and/or to any account, resource, computer system, and/or network connected to any doordash server."
"To opt out of receiving promotional text messages from doordash, you must reply “stop” from the mobile device receiving the messages."
This cap on liability shall apply fully to residents of new jersey.
"(d) your address, telephone number and e-mail address."
"If you do not wish to receive promotional emails, text messages, or other communications, you may change your notification preferences by accessing settings in your account."
You will accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of your password or your account.
"Non-exclusive, use, copy, display, publish, modify, remove, publicly perform, translate, create derivative works, distribute and/or otherwise use the user content in connection with doordash’s business and in all forms now known or hereafter invented (“uses”), use, copy, display, publish, modify, remove, publicly perform, translate, create derivative works, distribute and/or otherwise use the user content in connection with doordash’s business and in all forms now known or hereafter invented (“uses”), the license granted to doordash herein shall survive termination of the services or your account."
"You agree that the provisions in this section will survive any termination of your account, this agreement, or your access to the software and/or services. you agree that the provisions in this section will survive any termination of your account, this agreement, or your access to the software and/or services."
"Doordash has no obligation to provide refunds or credits, but may grant them, in each case in doordash’s sole discretion. charges paid by you for completed and delivered orders are final and non-refundable."
"You will not engage in threatening, harassing, racist, sexist or any other behavior that doordash deems inappropriate when using the services."
"You will report any errors, bugs, unauthorized access methodologies or any breach of our intellectual property rights that you uncover in your use of the services. you will report any errors, bugs, unauthorized access methodologies or any breach of our intellectual property rights that you uncover in your use of the services."
The license granted to doordash herein shall survive termination of the services or your account.
You may not assign or otherwise transfer your user account to any other person or entity.
"If you are a customer or user who creates a doordash or caviar account for the first time on or after november 10, 2020, you may opt out of this arbitration agreement."
Your use of the software and services is entirely at your own risk.
You agree that: (a) you will only use the services for lawful purposes.
"You agree to indemnify and hold harmless doordash and its officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates (each, an “indemnified party”), from and against any losses, claims, actions, costs, damages, penalties, fines and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses, that may be incurred by an indemnified party arising out of, relating to or resulting from (a) your user content."
"You agree to indemnify and hold harmless doordash and its officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates (each, an “indemnified party” ), from and against any losses, claims, actions, costs, damages, penalties, fines and expenses, including without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses, that may be incurred by an indemnified party arising out of, relating to or resulting from (a) your user content."
Charges paid by you for completed and delivered orders are final and non-refundable.
"Contact information for doordash’s copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement is as follows: general counsel, doordash, inc., 303 2nd st, suite 800, san francisco, ca 94107."
"Doordash reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove doordash reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove suspend or terminate your account at any time, suspend or terminate your account at any time, doordash may also access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as doordash reasonably believes is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, doordash may also access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as doordash reasonably believes is necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, non-exclusive, if you do not wish to receive promotional emails, text messages, or other communications, you may change your notification preferences by accessing settings in your account."
"Your notice must include your name and address, your doordash username (if any), the email address you currently use to access your doordash account (if you have one), and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement."
"Cases have been filed against doordash—and others may be filed in the future—that attempt to assert class action claims, and by accepting this arbitration agreement you elect not to participate in such cases."
"This agreement is governed by the laws of the state of delaware consistent with the federal arbitration act, this agreement is governed by the laws of the state of delaware consistent with the federal arbitration act, if any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect."
"Agreement effective: december 22, 2020 agreement effective: december 22, 2020 doordash reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this agreement or its policies relating to the software or services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this agreement through the services."
"Doordash may change the fees for our services as we deem necessary or appropriate for our business, including but not limited to delivery fees, service fees, small order fees, and surge fees.&nbsp;&nbsp;doordash may also charge merchants fees on orders that you place through the services, including commissions and other fees, and may change those merchant fees as we deem necessary or appropriate for our business or to comply with applicable law. doordash may change the fees for our services as we deem necessary or appropriate for our business, including but not limited to delivery fees, service fees, small order fees, and surge fees.&nbsp;&nbsp;doordash may also charge merchants fees on orders that you place through the services, including commissions and other fees, and may change those merchant fees as we deem necessary or appropriate for our business or to comply with applicable law."
(b) your misuse of the software or services.
"You must provide accurate, current, and complete information during the registration process and at all other times when you use the services, and to update the information to keep it accurate, current, and complete."
(c) a description of the location on the services of the material that you claim is infringing.
"The software and services are provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement."
"(e) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law."
(b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
"You will not deep-link to our websites or access our websites manually or with any robot, spider, web crawler, extraction software, automated process and/or device to scrape, copy, index, frame, or monitor any portion of our websites or any content on our websites. (p) you will not scrape or otherwise conduct any systematic retrieval of data or other content from the services."
