"Use of the edx site, and the content and services obtained from or through the edx site, is at your own risk."
"No warranty about the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or quality of the edx site or any courses or content, or that any particular courses or content will continue to be made available."
"Content that defames, harasses or threatens others content that defames, harasses or threatens others profane, pornographic, obscene, indecent or unlawful content profane, pornographic, obscene, indecent or unlawful content in order to create a user account, you must provide your full name, an email address, your country or region of residence, a public username, and a user password."
That the courses or content provided will meet your needs or expectations.
"We do this to personalize the experience to the individual learner (to assess the learner’s level of ability and learning style, and present materials best suited to the learner), to improve our understanding of the learning process, and to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of our course materials, payment models, platform features, and offerings."
"The edx site and any information, content or services made available on or through the edx site are provided ""as is"" and ""as available"" without warranty of any kind (express, implied or otherwise), including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, except insofar as any such implied warranties may not be disclaimed under applicable law. the edx site and any information, content or services made available on or through the edx site are provided ""as is"" and ""as available"" without warranty of any kind (express, implied or otherwise), including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, except insofar as any such implied warranties may not be disclaimed under applicable law."
"To further this goal, we sometimes present different users with different versions of course materials and software."
"You agree that all such claims and disputes will be heard and resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts located in and serving cambridge, massachusetts, u.s.a. you agree that the agreements and any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to the agreements or any content or service obtained from or through the edx site will be governed by the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts, excluding its conflicts of law provisions."
The edx site and individual courses may be integrated with third-party services or include hyperlinks to websites maintained or controlled by third parties.
"Neither edx nor any of the edx participants endorse any user postings or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein."
"To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that neither edx nor any of the edx participants will be liable to you for any loss or damages, either actual or consequential, arising out of or relating to these terms of service, or your (or any third party's) use of or inability to use the edx site, or your placement of content on the edx site, or your reliance upon information obtained from or through the edx site, whether your claim is based in contract, tort, statutory or other law."
"To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that neither edx nor any of the edx participants will be liable to you for any loss or damages, either actual or consequential, arising out of or relating to these terms of service, or your (or any third party's) use of or inability to use the edx site, or your placement of content on the edx site, or your reliance upon information obtained from or through the edx site, whether your claim is based in contract, tort, statutory or other law. in particular, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither edx nor any of the edx participants will have any liability for any consequential, indirect, punitive, special, exemplary, or incidental damages, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable and whether or not edx or any of the edx participants has been negligent or otherwise at fault (including, but not limited to, claims for defamation, errors, loss of profits, loss of data, or interruption in availability of data)."
Edx reserves the right to modify these tos at any time without advance notice.
Our goal is to provide current and future visitors to the edx site with the best possible educational experience.
"However, edx reserves the right to review user postings and to exercise its sole discretion to edit or remove, in whole or in part, any user posting at any time and for any reason, or to allow the edx participants to do so."
"In particular, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither edx nor any of the edx participants will have any liability for any consequential, indirect, punitive, special, exemplary, or incidental damages, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable and whether or not edx or any of the edx participants has been negligent or otherwise at fault (including, but not limited to, claims for defamation, errors, loss of profits, loss of data, or interruption in availability of data)."
"Your access to or download of information, materials, or data through the edx site or any reference sites is at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your property (including your computer system) or loss of data that results from the download or use of such material or data, unless otherwise expressly provided for in the privacy policy."
"If you no longer desire to participate in the edx site, you may terminate your participation at any time."
"Edx and the edx participants are not responsible for and do not routinely screen, approve, review or endorse the contents of or use of any of the products or services that may be offered by such third parties."
"Any changes to these tos will be effective immediately upon posting on this page, with an updated effective date."
"Do not warrant that the edx site will operate in an uninterrupted or error-free manner, that the edx site is free of viruses or other harmful components, do not warrant that the edx site will operate in an uninterrupted or error-free manner, that the edx site is free of viruses or other harmful components, that the courses or content provided will meet your needs or expectations."
"Effective date:october 28, 2019 effective date: october 28, 2019"
"You agree that the agreements and any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to the agreements or any content or service obtained from or through the edx site will be governed by the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts, excluding its conflicts of law provisions."
"In order to create a user account, you must provide your full name, an email address, your country or region of residence, a public username, and a user password."
You agree not to misrepresent or attempt to misrepresent your identity while using the edx site (although you are welcome and encouraged to use an anonymous username in the forums and to act in a manner that keeps your identity concealed).
"You agree to defend, hold harmless, and indemnify edx and the edx participants, and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, faculty, students, fellows, governing board members, agents and employees from and against any third-party claims, actions, or demands arising out of, resulting from or in any way related to your use of the edx site, including any liability or expense arising from any and all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs, and attorneys' fees, of every kind and nature."
The failure of edx to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the agreements shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
"You agree that all such claims and disputes will be heard and resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts located in and serving cambridge, massachusetts, u.s.a."
"If you are a registered user, you will not share your password or let anyone else access or compromise your account. if you are a registered user, you will not share your password or let anyone else access or compromise your account."
Any version of these tos in a language other than english is provided for convenience and you understand and agree that the english language version will control if there is any conflict. any version of these tos in a language other than english is provided for convenience and you understand and agree that the english language version will control if there is any conflict.
