"The services and all information, content, materials, products (including software), and other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the services are provided by epic on an “as is” and “as available” basis."
This means that you and epic agree to a dispute-resolution process where we submit any dispute to a neutral arbitrator (not a judge or jury) that makes the final decision to resolve the dispute.
We may update these terms from time to time.
"For any disputes deemed not subject to binding individual arbitration, as provided in the section immediately below, you and epic agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the superior court of wake county, north carolina, or, if federal court jurisdiction exists, the united states district court for the eastern district of north carolina."
"Epic makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the services, or the information, content, materials, products (including software), or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the services."
You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes.
"We reserve the right to change your display name if we deem it offensive, misleading, potentially infringing the rights of third parties or if you have been inactive for more than a year."
"User contributions must not be illegal any user contribution that you post will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and you grant epic a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such user contribution throughout the world in any media."
"You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless epic, its affiliates, and licensors, and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from your user contributions or violation of these terms."
You expressly agree that your use of the services is at your sole risk.
"You and epic agree that disputes will be settled by binding individual arbitration&nbsp;conducted by the judicial arbitration mediation services, inc. (“jams”) subject to the u.s. federal arbitration act and federal arbitration law and according to the jams streamlined arbitration rules and procedures effective july 1, 2014 (the “jams rules”) as modified by these terms."
You must immediately notify epic (via piracy@support.epicgames.com) of any unauthorized use of your user name or password or any other breach of security.
Your continued use of the services following the posting of revised terms means that you accept and agree to the changes.
"To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you and epic agree to only bring disputes in an individual capacity and shall not: seek to bring, join, or participate in any class or representative action, collective or class-wide arbitration, or any other action where another individual or entity acts in a representative capacity (e.g., private attorney general actions)."
Or consolidate or combine individual proceedings or permit an arbitrator to do so without the express consent of all parties to these terms and all other actions or arbitrations.
"Any dispute or claim by you arising out of or related to these terms shall be governed by north carolina law, exclusive of its choice of law rules.&nbsp."
"We may withdraw or amend the services, and any related service or content, or restrict access (including by means of cancellation, termination, or modification, or suspension of a user account) to all or certain users (including you) without notice and without liability to you in our reasonable discretion."
