(d) your failure to keep your password or account details secure and confidential.
"Familytreedna reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the services (or any part of the services) with or without notice."
"Additionally, you agree not to use the services to: (i) post or share any content that is illegal, threatening, harmful, additionally, you agree not to use the services to: (i) post or share any content that is illegal, threatening, harmful, otherwise objectionable, including content or communications that are degrading, defamatory, vulgar, hateful, libelous, fraudulent, obscene, pornographic otherwise objectionable, including content or communications that are degrading, defamatory, vulgar, hateful, libelous, fraudulent, obscene, pornographic (viii) post or make available any advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail, chain letters, or any other form of solicitation."
"(viii) post or make available any advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail, chain letters, or any other form of solicitation."
"Within the limits allowed by applicable laws, you expressly acknowledge and agree that familytreedna shall not be liable for any indirect, direct, incidental, consequential, special, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for goodwill, loss of profits, use, data or other intangible losses (even if familytreedna has been informed of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (a) the use or the lack of ability to use the services."
"You understand that depending on your settings your information may be compared with genetic information submitted by law enforcement accounts to assist in the identification of deceased individuals or the identification of possible suspects in crimes involving homicide, sexual assault, or child abduction (“violent crimes”)."
You agree that any dna sample you submit and all resulting data may be transferred and/or processed outside the country you reside.
(f) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.
"We reserve the right, but are not required, to remove or disable access to any user provided content that we believe violates these tos."
You may stop using the services at any time.
"(c) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, information, data, or services obtained or purchased or transactions entered into through or from the services or messages received."
You are responsible for all activity and usage on the services made via your account.
(e) the improper authorization for the services by someone claiming such authority.
"Familytreedna does not make any promises (a) about the specific functionality of the services, (b) about the familytreedna content, (c) about the accuracy, quality, reliability, or availability of the familytreedna content or services familytreedna does not make any promises (a) about the specific functionality of the services, (b) about the familytreedna content, (c) about the accuracy, quality, reliability, or availability of the familytreedna content or services within the limits allowed by applicable laws, you expressly acknowledge and agree that familytreedna shall not be liable for any indirect, direct, incidental, consequential, special, or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for goodwill, loss of profits, use, data or other intangible losses (even if familytreedna has been informed of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (a) the use or the lack of ability to use the services."
(b) any action you take based on the information you receive as a result of the services.
"Or (g) statements or behavior of any third party on the services, including use of the services by law enforcement officials or on their behalf."
"Also, by submitting user provided content through any of the services, you grant familytreedna a sublicensable also, by submitting user provided content through any of the services, you grant familytreedna a sublicensable license to host, store, copy, publish, distribute, provide access to, create derivative works of, and otherwise use such user provided content to the extent and in the form or context we consider suitable on or through any media or medium and with any technology or devices currently known or hereafter discovered or developed license to host, store, copy, publish, distribute, provide access to, create derivative works of, and otherwise use such user provided content to the extent and in the form or context we consider suitable on or through any media or medium and with any technology or devices currently known or hereafter discovered or developed familytreedna reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the services (or any part of the services) with or without notice."
We will store your sample for at least twenty-five (25) years unless you request otherwise.
"This agreement and any dispute regarding the services shall be governed by the laws of the state of texas, usa, this agreement and any dispute regarding the services shall be governed by the laws of the state of texas, usa,"
