"You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, ""robots,"" ""spiders,"" or ""offline readers,"" that accesses the service in a manner that sends more request messages to the fanfiction.net servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional on-line web browser."
Fanfiction.net reserves the right to remove content and user submissions without prior notice.
"Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred to the maximum extent permitted by local law, you and fanfiction.net agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the fanfiction.net service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues."
"If any provision of these terms of service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms of service, which shall remain in full force and effect."
"Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred last updated feb 12, 2019"
"Fanfiction.net is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such user submissions."
"Unless prohibited by local law, these terms of service shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of california, without respect to its conflict of laws principles."
"Fanfiction.net reserves the right to amend these terms of service at any time and without notice, fanfiction.net reserves the right to amend these terms of service at any time and without notice, to the maximum extent permitted by local law, you and fanfiction.net agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the fanfiction.net service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues."
"You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure."
"You understand and agree, however, that fanfiction.net may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of user submissions that have been removed or deleted."
Fanfiction.net reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the fanfiction.net service at any time.
You must notify fanfiction.net immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Fanfiction.net's failure to assert any right or provision under these terms of service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
"You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless fanfiction.net, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of action, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses, (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees) you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless fanfiction.net, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of action, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses, (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees) you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the fanfiction.net service is not intended for children under 13."
"Fanfiction.net has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services."
"However, by submitting user submissions to fanfiction.net, you hereby grant fanfiction.net a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, display, and perform the user submissions in connection with the fanfiction.net service."
You agree that your use of the fanfiction.net service shall be at your sole risk.
"You affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the fanfiction.net service is not intended for children under 13."
"You also hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your user submissions you understand and agree, however, that fanfiction.net may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of user submissions that have been removed or deleted."
"For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your user submissions."
