"Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others."
"Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent. harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent."
"Terms are governed by the laws of the state of victoria, and australia, without regard to the conflict or choice of law rules thereof."
Interfere with another member’s use and enjoyment of the service or another individual’s or entity’s use and enjoyment of similar services. interfere with another member’s use and enjoyment of the service or another individual’s or entity’s use and enjoyment of similar services.
"If any part of these terms are determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these terms shall continue in effect. if any part of these terms are determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these terms shall continue in effect."
"The courts sitting in the state of victoria, australia shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising hereunder."
"Terms of service these terms of service came into effect on may 25th, 2020 terms of service these terms of service came into effect on may 25th, 2020 we still have our previous terms of service online we still have our previous terms of service online this service is provided only to individuals who are at least 18 years old or minors who have parental permission to open and maintain an account."
"You agree to indemnify and hold fastmail, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the service."
"Fastmail may terminate your access to any part or all of the service and any related service(s) effective immediately if you fail to comply with these terms, or where required to by law."
This service is provided only to individuals who are at least 18 years old or minors who have parental permission to open and maintain an account.
"Attempt to gain unauthorised access to the service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the service, through password mining or any other means. attempt to gain unauthorised access to the service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the service, through password mining or any other means."
"Fastmail will immediately terminate any account which it believes, in its sole discretion, is transmitting or is otherwise connected with any spam or other unsolicited bulk email."
You and fastmail agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to these terms and/or the service must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arose.
"Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred."
"The linked sites are not under the control of fastmail and fastmail is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites the linked sites are not under the control of fastmail and fastmail is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites the service is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind the service is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind you agree to indemnify and hold fastmail, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the service."
"Publish, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information. publish, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information."
"Member conduct as a condition of your use of the service, you warrant to fastmail that you will not use the service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms. member conduct as a condition of your use of the service, you warrant to fastmail that you will not use the service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms."
Content uploaded by members fastmail does not claim ownership of content you submit or make available for inclusion on the service content uploaded by members fastmail does not claim ownership of content you submit or make available for inclusion on the service
