"13.2 the sections 7 (""customer data""), 9 (""no warranty""), 10 (""indemnity""), 11 (""limitation of liability"") and this section 13 will survive any termination of this agreement."
We reserve the right to change this service agreement at any time without notice.
"Filefactory.com and its suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, including but not limited to warranties of title, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement of proprietary or third party rights."
"Further, you acknowledge that filefactory.com may change subscription fees at any time without notice."
"Account id's and passwords of its authorised users, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your account. customer is solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of customer access information, i.e."
Or (c) filefactory.com is unable to verify or authenticate any information customer provides to filefactory.com.
"(ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service."
"Whether lawful or unlawful, filefactory.com reserves the right to determine what is harmful to its customers, operations or reputation, including any activities that restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the service or the internet. please be aware filefactory.com reserves the right to cancel any account or transmission they find in violation of any of the above policies."
(iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service.
Or (v) any other matter relating to the service.
"However, filefactory.com may retain customer data in its archives after deletion and will not be liable to customer in any way for such retained data."
All purchases of services through the site are nonrefundable prepayments for services.
"If any controversy or dispute arising from or relating to this agreement, your use of the site, the services provided to you by company, or any other matter related to the relationship between you and the company, even if arising after termination of this agreement, cannot be resolved through mutual agreement, the sole means of resolving the controversy will be binding arbitration under the auspices of the belize arbitration act."
"Filefactory.com may immediately issue a warning, suspend (i.e., lock out access and operation of services for customer) either temporarily or indefinitely, or terminate customer's account and refuse to provide services to customer if: (a) filefactory.com believes that customer has violated or acted inconsistently with this agreement, or any of our policies."
Filefactory.com services may be used only for lawful purposes.
(iii) unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.
"Or (v) any other matter relating to the service. you expressly understand and agree that filefactory.com shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service."
"Or (d) filefactory.com believes that customer's actions may cause legal liability for customer, filefactory.com's other clients, or filefactory.com."
"You expressly understand and agree that filefactory.com shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service."
If customer data violates the acceptable use policy or dmca policy then such data may be removed.
(a) your use of the service is at your sole risk.
You agree that by using the service you represent that you are at least 18 years old and that you are legally able to enter into this agreement.
"Upon termination of this agreement by either customer or filefactory.com, all of customer rights under this agreement, and filefactory.com's provision of services, will terminate immediately. 13.2 the sections 7 (""customer data""), 9 (""no warranty""), 10 (""indemnity""), 11 (""limitation of liability"") and this section 13 will survive any termination of this agreement. upon termination of this agreement by either customer or filefactory.com, all of customer rights under this agreement, and filefactory.com's provision of services, will terminate immediately."
"You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless filefactory.com, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the service, or your breach of this agreement or other filefactory.com policies, terms and conditions. you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless filefactory.com, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the service, or your breach of this agreement or other filefactory.com policies, terms and conditions."
"Or (b) customer becomes aware of any unauthorised use of any product or service related to its account(s). customer will immediately notify filefactory.com if customer notices any activity indicating that customer's account or data is being used without authorisation, including: (a) customer has received confirmation of an order or orders placed using customer's account which customer did not place or any similar conflicting report."
"Filefactory.com services are provided on an ""as is"" and ""as available"" basis."
"Whether lawful or unlawful, filefactory.com reserves the right to determine what is harmful to its customers, operations or reputation, including any activities that restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the service or the internet."
Or (b) customer has failed to pay fees or other payments due to filefactory.com.
(d) any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
"Customer is solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of customer access information, i.e."
Or (b) customer becomes aware of any unauthorised use of any product or service related to its account(s).
Please be aware filefactory.com reserves the right to cancel any account or transmission they find in violation of any of the above policies.
(v) any errors in the software will be corrected.
"C. to harm minors in any way, this includes any form of child pornography."
"If you sign up for a filefactory 30 day recurring service, your subscription continues to bill monthly until you cancel it."
"Customer shall not commit or permit wrongful or damaging acts which justify civil action including, but not limited to, posting of defamatory, scandalous, or private information about a person without their consent customer shall not commit or permit wrongful or damaging acts which justify civil action including, but not limited to, posting of defamatory, scandalous, or private information about a person without their consent filefactory.com services may be used only for lawful purposes."
"Customer will immediately notify filefactory.com if customer notices any activity indicating that customer's account or data is being used without authorisation, including: (a) customer has received confirmation of an order or orders placed using customer's account which customer did not place or any similar conflicting report."
"Account id's and passwords of its authorised users, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your account."
"Filefactory.com makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, filefactory.com makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations (v) any errors in the software will be corrected."
To cancel a recurring credit card subscription simply visit your account page on filefactory.com.
Filefactory.com reserves the right to change or discontinue any of the services at any time. filefactory.com reserves the right to change or discontinue any of the services at any time.
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of belize.
