(iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.
"If you are over 13, you represent that you have either reached the age of “majority” where you live or have valid parent or legal guardian consent to be bound by these terms."
"Any such changes will become effective no earlier than fourteen (14) days after they are posted, except that changes addressing new functions of the services or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately."
"If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised."
"(v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” “contests,” “sweepstakes,” or any other form of solicitation."
"(ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service."
"You expressly understand and agree that gfycat will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary damages, or damages for loss of profits including but not limited to, damages for loss of goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if gfycat has been advised of the possibility of such damages), whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service."
"Gfycat reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without notice."
Your use of the service is at your sole risk.
"You agree that gfycat, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the service and remove and discard any content within the service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if gfycat believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these terms of service."
(iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service.
Or (v) any other matter relating to the service.
"We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these terms of service at any time."
"You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the service (“submissions”), provided by you to gfycat are non-confidential and gfycat will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. you acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the service (“submissions”), provided by you to gfycat are non-confidential and gfycat will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you."
The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
"You agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen or may arise between you and gfycat, whether relating to these terms of service (including any alleged breach thereof), the services, any advertising, any aspect of the relationship between us, or otherwise, shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, rather than a court in accordance with the terms of this arbitration agreement, except that you may assert individual claims in small claims court, if your claims qualify."
"You acknowledge that gfycat may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the service and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on gfycat’s servers on your behalf."
"Commercial use: unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or in the service, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or upload for any commercial purposes, any portion of the service, use of the service, or access to the service."
"You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account."
"We will also notify you, either through the services user interface, in an email notification or through other reasonable means."
"(vii) is otherwise unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, (vii) is otherwise unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, (viii) in the sole judgment of gfycat, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the service, (viii) in the sole judgment of gfycat, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the service, or which may expose gfycat or its users to any harm or liability of any type; commercial use: unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or in the service, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or upload for any commercial purposes, any portion of the service, use of the service, or access to the service."
"Last modified: may 12, 2020 last modified: may 12, 2020 we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these terms of service at any time."
"(vi) contains nudity, sexually explicit conduct and/or pornography."
"License to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your user content in connection with the operation of the service license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your user content in connection with the operation of the service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed."
"Gfycat makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, gfycat makes no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, you expressly understand and agree that gfycat will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary damages, or damages for loss of profits including but not limited to, damages for loss of goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if gfycat has been advised of the possibility of such damages), whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service."
"In no event will gfycat’s total liability to you for all damages, losses or causes of action exceed the amount you have paid gfycat in the last six (6) months, or, if greater, one hundred dollars ($100). in no event will gfycat’s total liability to you for all damages, losses or causes of action exceed the amount you have paid gfycat in the last six (6) months, or, if greater, one hundred dollars ($100)."
We use third-party service providers to process your payment information.
The service is for your personal use.
"The services are not intended for children under the age of 13, and you represent that you are over the age of 13."
"You agree that, by entering into this terms of service, you and gfycat are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action."
"By uploading any user content you hereby grant and will grant gfycat and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, by uploading any user content you hereby grant and will grant gfycat and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive, transferable, sublicensable, transferable, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your user content in connection with the operation of the service or the promotion, advertising or marketing thereof in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed."
