You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.
"Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the gladly entities disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied, of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the gladly entities disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied, of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement."
"And (iv) whether the website will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis."
"Or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources."
"Gladly may change its terms from time to time, and in gladly's sole discretion."
"You understand and agree that the website is provided to you on an ""as is"" and ""as available"" basis."
You acknowledge and agree that the gladly entities are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources.
"(ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the website or any content."
The website may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
"The gladly entities make no warranty and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the website or any content."
You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources. the website may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
"The website is available ""as-is"" your access to and use of the website or any content are at your own risk."
"(iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any content and other communications maintained by the website."
"The website is available ""as-is""your access to and use of the website or any content are at your own risk."
"Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by the gladly entities of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources."
Gladly encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its terms.
