No refunds.
"License grant by posting any user content on the service, you expressly grant to goodreads a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media."
"This service is intended solely for users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older, and any registration, use or access to the service by anyone under 13 is unauthorized, unlicensed, and in violation of this agreement."
"You agree not to post user content that is illegal you agree not to post user content that is illegal commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of ""spam"" or unsolicited commercial electronic messages."
"Goodreads will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the service, or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the service, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing."
"To the full extent permissible by applicable law, goodreads disclaims all warranties,express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose."
No refunds. you may cancel your goodreads account at any time.
"As permitted under the terms of this agreement, goodreads has the right at any time for any reason or no reason to suspend or terminate your account, terminate this agreement, and/or refuse any and all current or future use of the service without notice, refund, obligation, or liability to you."
"< you acknowledge that goodreads has the perpetual and irrevocable right to delete any or all of your content and data from goodreads's servers and from the service, whether intentionally or unintentionally, and for any reason or no reason, without any liability of any kind to you or any other party."
"Updates december 6, 2017: we have updated our terms of use agreement."
"Or (vi) any other party’s access and use of the service with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code."
"Goodreads makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the service, or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the service, unless otherwise specified in writing."
"(iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or intellectual property rights."
"Commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of ""spam"" or unsolicited commercial electronic messages."
"Goodreads may permanently or temporarily terminate, suspend, or otherwise refuse to permit your access to the service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in goodreads' sole determination you violate any provision of this agreement, or for no reason."
"April 7, 2010: we added terms of use for writers, which apply to works submitted to the service via the ""my writing"" or ""ebook"" features."
"October 16, 2008: we replaced our former terms of use agreement with a new agreement."
You may cancel your goodreads account at any time.
"If you are under 18 years of age you may use the service only if you either are an emancipated minor or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this agreement, and to abide by and comply with this agreement."
You expressly agree that your use of the service is at your sole risk.
Your continued use of the service after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised agreement.
"Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this agreement or a kindle, any reading application, the software, the digital content or the service is subject to the binding arbitration any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this agreement or a kindle, any reading application, the software, the digital content or the service is subject to the binding arbitration no waiver. no waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and goodreads' failure to assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision."
You do not have to register in order to visit goodreads.
"You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the service, including without limitation about how to improve the service or our products (""ideas"")."
We reserve the right to amend this agreement at any time in our sole discretion by posting the revised agreement on the goodreads.com website.
"In the event that goodreads suspends or terminates your goodreads account or this agreement, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription fees for any portion of the service, any content or data associated with your goodreads account, or for anything else."
"Goodreads has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services."
"The service and all information, content, materials, products (including software) and other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the service are provided on an ""as is"" and ""as available"" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing."
"By submitting any idea, you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place goodreads under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone."
"You acknowledge that goodreads has the perpetual and irrevocable right to delete any or all of your content and data from goodreads's servers and from the service, whether intentionally or unintentionally, and for any reason or no reason, without any liability of any kind to you or any other party."
"You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password."
"Goodreads shall have no liability for your interactions with other users, or for any user’s action or inaction."
"Subject to your compliance with this agreement and your payment of any applicable fees, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the service."
"You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless goodreads and its subsidiaries, agents, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the service, including any data or content transmitted or received by you."
"However, there are no refunds for cancellation."
3.
"< if you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the service, please send us the following information: if you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the service, please send us the following information: goodreads has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services."
"(iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the united states or any other country."
You may use the service only as permitted by law.
No waiver.
"We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users."
(v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your user content or any that are submitted via your account.
"No waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and goodreads' failure to assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision."
You agree to notify goodreads immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Please read this agreement carefully.
"Terms of use this agreement was last revised on dec 6, 2017."
"(ii) your violation of any term of this agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the representations and warranties above."
