We provide our services using reasonable skill and care.
"If you do stop using a service, we’d appreciate knowing why so that we can continue improving our services."
"If you think someone is infringing your intellectual property rights, you can send us notice of the infringement and we’ll take appropriate action."
"Google ireland limited accesses and discloses data, including communications, in accordance with the laws of ireland, and eu law applicable in ireland."
"If you don’t follow these terms or the service-specific additional terms, and we don’t take action right away, that doesn’t mean we’re giving up any rights that we may have, such as taking action in the future. if you don’t follow these terms or the service-specific additional terms, and we don’t take action right away, that doesn’t mean we’re giving up any rights that we may have, such as taking action in the future."
"When we receive data disclosure requests, our team reviews them to make sure they satisfy legal requirements and google’s data disclosure policies."
"These resources include our privacy policy, copyright help center, safety center, and other pages accessible from our policies site."
"Google terms of service effective march 31, 2020 for example, we invest in artificial intelligence that uses machine learning to detect and block spam and malware, and to provide you with innovative features, like simultaneous translations."
"For example, you have intellectual property rights in the creative content you make, such as reviews you write."
"Harassing, harassing, our service-specific additional terms and policies provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow."
"If it turns out that a particular term is not valid or enforceable, this will not affect any other terms."
"We also make various policies, help centers, and other resources available to you to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services."
"For example, we suspend or close the google accounts of repeat copyright infringers as described in our copyright help center. finally, some of our services give you access to content that belongs to other people or organizations — for example, a store owner’s description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in google news."
"The views expressed in other people or organizations’ content are theirs, and don’t necessarily reflect google’s views."
"You’re responsible for what you do with your google account, including taking reasonable steps to keep your google account secure, and we encourage you to regularly use the security checkup."
"For more information about the data disclosure requests that google receives worldwide, and how we respond to such requests, see our transparency report and privacy policy."
"Google’s total liability arising out of or relating to these terms is limited to the greater of (1) €500 or (2) 125% of the fees that you paid to use the relevant services in the 12 months before the breach google’s total liability arising out of or relating to these terms is limited to the greater of (1) €500 or (2) 125% of the fees that you paid to use the relevant services in the 12 months before the breach if we reasonably believe that any of your content (1) breaches these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies, (2) violates applicable law, or (3) could harm our users, third parties, or google, then we reserve the right to take down some or all of that content in accordance with applicable law."
"If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback without obligation to you."
"As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services, and start offering new services or stop offering old ones. we maintain a rigorous product research program, so before we change or stop offering a service, we carefully consider your interests as a user, your reasonable expectations, and the potential impact on you and others."
"Of course, you’re always free to stop using our services at any time."
There are two exceptions: if you already shared your content with others before removing it.
"We maintain a rigorous product research program, so before we change or stop offering a service, we carefully consider your interests as a user, your reasonable expectations, and the potential impact on you and others."
"If we materially change these terms or service-specific additional terms, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and the opportunity to review the changes, except (1) when we launch a new service or feature, or (2) in urgent situations, such as preventing ongoing abuse or responding to legal requirements."
"Suspending or terminating your access to google services suspending or terminating your access to google services google reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the services or delete your google account if any of these things happen: you materially or repeatedly breach these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies we’re required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order we reasonably believe that your conduct causes harm or liability to a user, third party, or google google reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the services or delete your google account if any of these things happen: you materially or repeatedly breach these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies we’re required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order we reasonably believe that your conduct causes harm or liability to a user, third party, or google — for example, by hacking, phishing, — for example, by hacking, phishing, spamming, spamming, misleading others, or scraping content that doesn’t belong to you misleading others, or scraping content that doesn’t belong to you of course, you’re always free to stop using our services at any time."
"If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this license, then our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time."
"For business users and organizations only if you’re a business user or organization, then to the extent allowed by applicable law: you’ll indemnify google and its directors, officers, employees, and contractors for any third-party legal proceedings (including actions by government authorities) arising out of or relating to your unlawful use of the services or violation of these terms or service-specific additional terms."
"Other than the rights and responsibilities described in this section (in case of problems or disagreements), google won’t be responsible for any other losses, unless they’re caused by our breach of these terms or service-specific additional terms. other than the rights and responsibilities described in this section ( in case of problems or disagreements ), google won’t be responsible for any other losses, unless they’re caused by our breach of these terms or service-specific additional terms."
"This license is: worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world non-exclusive, which means you can license your content to others this license is: worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world non-exclusive, which means you can license your content to others sublicense these rights to: other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people you choose our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the purpose section below purposethis license is for the limited purpose of: operating and improving the services, which means allowing the services to work as designed and creating new features and functionalities."
"If we reasonably believe that any of your content (1) breaches these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies, (2) violates applicable law, or (3) could harm our users, third parties, or google, then we reserve the right to take down some or all of that content in accordance with applicable law."
"We only change or stop offering services for valid reasons, such as to improve performance or security, to comply with law, to prevent illegal activities or abuse, to reflect technical developments, or because a feature or an entire service is no longer popular enough or economical to offer. if we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and an opportunity to export your content from your google account using google takeout, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues. for example, we invest in artificial intelligence that uses machine learning to detect and block spam and malware, and to provide you with innovative features, like simultaneous translations."
"As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services, and start offering new services or stop offering old ones."
"Your content remains yours, which means that you retain any intellectual property rights that you have in your content."
"We only change or stop offering services for valid reasons, such as to improve performance or security, to comply with law, to prevent illegal activities or abuse, to reflect technical developments, or because a feature or an entire service is no longer popular enough or economical to offer."
"For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s google account even after you remove it from your google account. if you make your content available through other companies’ services, it’s possible that search engines, including google search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results."
"Finally, some of our services give you access to content that belongs to other people or organizations — for example, a store owner’s description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in google news."
Our service-specific additional terms and policies provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow.
"If we don’t meet the quality level described in this warranty, you agree to tell us and we’ll work with you to try to resolve the issue."
"If we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and an opportunity to export your content from your google account using google takeout, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues."
"Sublicense these rights to: other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people you choose our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the purpose section below purpose this license is for the limited purpose of: operating and improving the services , which means allowing the services to work as designed and creating new features and functionalities."
"These resources include our privacy policy, copyright help center, safety center, and other pages accessible from our policies site. we also make various policies, help centers, and other resources available to you to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services."
"You may not use this content without that person or organization’s permission, or as otherwise allowed by law."
