"To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, ifunny disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement."
"Ifunny will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the ifunny services or the loss of any content or user engagement."
"Ifunny prohibits crawling, scraping, caching or otherwise accessing any content or user engagement on the ifunny service via automated means, except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with ifunny's express consent. ifunny prohibits crawling, scraping, caching or otherwise accessing any content or user engagement on the ifunny service via automated means, except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with ifunny's express consent."
"Ifunny does not endorse any user engagement or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and ifunny expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with user engagement."
(v) any claim that your user engagement caused damage to a third party.
"No waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and ifunny's failure to assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. no waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and ifunny's failure to assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision."
"Last updated: 24 march 2020 last updated: 24 march 2020 after a modification, replacement, or amendment of the terms of this agreement, your continued use of the services constitutes your agreement to said modification, replacement, or amendment. after a modification, replacement, or amendment of the terms of this agreement, your continued use of the services constitutes your agreement to said modification, replacement, or amendment."
"You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (e.g., federal, state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the services and your user engagement, including, but not limited to, copyright laws and export laws."
"Ifunny will also terminate a user's access to the services, if they are determined to be a repeat infringer."
Individuals under the age of 18 are expressly prohibited from creating a user account or otherwise using the services.
"(iii) your violation or alleged violation of any third party right, including without limitation any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right."
"3.&nbsp;the services 3.1 ifunny may provide users with the ability to upload or transmit content to or through the services, including, but not limited to, user engagement."
"The maximum total liability of the ifunny parties to you for any claim under this agreement, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is $100."
"Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred."
Ifunny may provide you with the ability to share your geographical location with ifunny and other users of the services when using the services.
"Ifunny does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its services, and ifunny will remove all content and user engagement if properly notified that such content or user engagement infringes on another's intellectual property rights."
"To the extent not prohibited by law, in no event shall the ifunny parties be liable to you for any loss or damages of any kind (including, without limitation, for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever) that are directly or indirectly related to any: (i) the services."
You and ifunny agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the ifunny services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues.
"You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the ifunny parties from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including, but not limited to, attorney's fees) arising out of or in any way connected with: (i) your user engagement or your use of and access to the ifunny services."
"You agree any and all claims arising out of or related to your use of the website shall be exclusively brought in nicosia, cyprus."
"If you share your geographical location with your subscribers, you understand and agree that your geographical location may appear on a map and that subscribers to your ifunny account may be able to determine your exact, physical location."
"Ifunny may, but has no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or monitor user engagement or accounts containing user engagement that ifunny determines in its sole discretion violates this agreement."
"(iv) your violation or alleged violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders."
"Ifunny reserves the right to amend this agreement at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review this agreement for any changes."
(vi) any errors in the software will be corrected.
The services may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by ifunny.
You must not post spam.
"Ifunny has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, services, privacy policies, terms of use, or practices of any third-party websites or services."
"If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user engagement or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant by providing ifunny's copyright agent with the following information in writing: if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any user engagement or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant by providing ifunny's copyright agent with the following information in writing: your use of the services is at your own risk."
You must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the services and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of this agreement or any other ifunny terms. you must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the services and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of this agreement or any other ifunny terms.
"If any provision of this agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. if any provision of this agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect."
"Although ifunny will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of ifunny or others due to such unauthorized use."
"Ifunny reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other users. ifunny reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other users."
All in-app purchases are non-refundable and non-transferrable.
"If your in-app purchase is a recurring subscription, you understand and agree that your store account will be billed continuously in the agreed amount until you cancel your subscription consistent with the terms applicable to your store account."
"The services, including, without limitation, the websites, content, in-app purchases, user engagement, any products or services available on the services and all the materials, information, software, and facilities, and other content therein, is provided on an ""as is"", ""as available,"" and ""with all faults"" basis."
"If you are located in the european union, you warrant and agree that you are of the age a majority under the laws of your country and that you are authorized by law or parental consent to create an account or otherwise use the services."
"(v) your use of, inability to use, or the performance of the ifunny services."
Your use of the services is at your own risk.
"Ifunny is not responsible for any user engagement, third-party content, syndicated content, services, advertisements, and/or links that may be contained on the services."
You may also accept or reject any requests from users of the services to obtain your geographical location through the services.
"In submitting user engagement to the services, you agree to waive all moral rights in or to your user engagement across the world, whether you have or have not asserted moral rights."
"The services are only available to individuals either above the age of majority in your nation, state, province, territory, or city or the age of eighteen (18) and older, whichever is greater."
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive this agreement and your use of ifunny services.
"You and ifunny acknowledge and agree that each are waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable disputes. you and ifunny acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted under the law, each are waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any class action lawsuit, class arbitration, or private attorney general action."
"If you are under the age of 13, you are expressly prohibited from using the services."
"Or user engagement that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate."
"If ifunny suspects that you have violated any provision of this agreement, ifunny may also seek any other available legal remedy."
"Content and/or user engagement removed from the services may continue to be stored by ifunny, including, without limitation, in order to comply with certain legal obligations, but may not be retrievable without a valid court order."
"Ifunny may terminate a user's access to the services at any time, for any reason."
(iii) in-app purchases.
(ii) your breach or alleged breach of this agreement.
"When you submit user engagement to the services, you grant ifunny a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, and perpetual license irrevocable, worldwide, and perpetual license to use your user engagement for the customary and intended purposes of the services."
"Ifunny provides you with a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, and revocable license to use the services for their customary and intended purposes."
(iv) the results that may be obtained from your use of the services will be accurate or reliable.
Or (vi) any misrepresentation made by you.
You and ifunny acknowledge and agree that each are waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable disputes.
"(ii) your use of the services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free."
"You and ifunny agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in relation to this agreement or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement, or interpretation thereof, or to the purchase of or use of in-app purchases purchased through the services, will be settled by binding individual arbitration."
You must not use the services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
"Ifunny and its subsidiaries, affiliates, ""sister entities"", officers, employees, agents, partners, and licensors (collectively, the ""ifunny parties"") make no warranties or representations that: (i) the services will meet your requirements."
(iv) user engagement.
(ii) the content.
"When you submit user engagement to the services, you grant ifunny a non-exclusive, ""user engagement"" collectively refers to user submissions and user comments."
"You and ifunny acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted under the law, each are waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any class action lawsuit, class arbitration, or private attorney general action."
"""user engagement"" collectively refers to user submissions and user comments.3.&nbsp;the services3.1 ifunny may provide users with the ability to upload or transmit content to or through the services, including, but not limited to, user engagement."
"These purposes may include providing you or third parties with the services, backing up or archiving the services, and selling or transferring the services to a third party."
Your rights under this agreement will terminate automatically if you breach any part of this agreement.
"Ifunny reserves the right to remove any content and/or user engagement from the services for any reason, without prior notice."
"You agree not to use the services for any commercial purpose or use, either direct or indirect, without the prior written authorization of ifunny."
"You must not post abusive, obscene, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, offensive, violent, you must not post abusive, obscene, threatening, harassing, defamatory, libelous, offensive, violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic, or sexually suggestive user engagement nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic, or sexually suggestive user engagement or user engagement that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate."
