2.
"Because infinityfree has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that infinityfree is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources."
"Infinityfree does not control the content posted via the service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content."
Your use of the service is at your sole risk.
"Infinityfree and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors make no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements."
"Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, breaches or violations of the tos or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), discontinuance or material modification to the service (or any part thereof), unexpected technical or security issues or problems, extended periods of inactivity, engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, and/or nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the services."
"This means that you, and not infinityfree, are entirely responsible for all content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the service."
"The service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other world wide web sites or resources."
"You agree to immediately notify infinityfree of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session."
"You agree that infinityfree may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your infinityfree account, any associated email address, and access to the service."
"(ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free."
"The service is provided on an ""as is"" and ""as available"" basis."
"You also understand and agree that the service may include certain communications from infinityfree or it's partners, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the infinityfree newsletter, and that these communications are considered part of infinityfree membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them."
"You agree to not use the service to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; harm minors in any way; impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a infinityfree official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the service; upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights (""rights"") of any party."
"You agree that infinityfree shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the service."
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.
"Infinityfree reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without notice."
"Infinityfree provides its service to you subject to the following terms of service (""tos""), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you."
"If any provision of the tos is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the tos remain in full force and effect."
The failure of infinityfree to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the tos shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
"You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials (""content""), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated."
