"(iii) contain hateful, defamatory, or discriminatory content or incite hatred against any individual or group."
"Or (i) decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the services."
"Any information or content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated, and you access all such information and content at your own risk, and we aren’t liable for any errors or omissions in that information or content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it."
"You must include (i) your name and residence address, (ii) the email address and/or telephone number associated with your account, and (iii) a clear statement that you want to opt out of these terms’ arbitration agreement. (g) exclusive venue."
"You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this section by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: inrupt inc., c/o gunderson dettmer, one marina park drive, suite 900, boston ma 02210&nbsp;postmarked within thirty (30) days of first accepting these terms."
"We reserve the right to remove any content from the services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that content in violation of these terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice."
"If you send the opt-out notice in (f), and/or in any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits either you or inrupt to litigate any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these terms in court, then the foregoing arbitration agreement will not apply to either party, and both you and inrupt agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, suffolk county, massachusetts, or the federal district in which that county falls.&nbsp; (h) severability."
(f) opt-out.
"You must include (i) your name and residence address, (ii) the email address and/or telephone number associated with your account, and (iii) a clear statement that you want to opt out of these terms’ arbitration agreement."
"Terms of use last updated: [november 24, 2020] terms of use last updated: [november 24, 2020] (g) “crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page, data, or portion of or relating to the services or content (through use of manual or automated means); (h) copies or stores any significant portion of the content."
(ii) contain sexually explicit content or pornography.
(iv) exploit minors.
"If you send the opt-out notice in (f), and/or in any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits either you or inrupt to litigate any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these terms in court, then the foregoing arbitration agreement will not apply to either party, and both you and inrupt agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, suffolk county, massachusetts, or the federal district in which that county falls.&nbsp; (h) severability ."
"If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this arbitration agreement section will be null and void."
(g) exclusive venue .
(f) opt-out .
"These terms are governed by and will be construed under the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. these terms are governed by and will be construed under the federal arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the commonwealth of massachusetts, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof."
"Or (i) decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the services. (g) “crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page, data, or portion of or relating to the services or content (through use of manual or automated means); (h) copies or stores any significant portion of the content."
