"The service that is offered to you is provided on an “as is” basis, with no warranties whatsoever."
We also cannot and do not guarantee that you will have an uninterrupted service.
The notice will designate a reasonable period of time after which the new terms will take effect.
"We are not liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, inconveniences, or whatsoever damages, or loss of profit, that may arise from the use of our services."
"Last updated: 21 january 2021 last updated: 21 january 2021 as a subscriber of our services, you agree that: you will not use our service to hack or attack other computers or networks on the internet. as a subscriber of our services, you agree that: you will not use our service to hack or attack other computers or networks on the internet."
You will not run resource intensive programs that will interfere with the usage of our services by our users. you will not run resource intensive programs that will interfere with the usage of our services by our users.
"This includes, but is not limited to the following: sending unsolicited emails (i.e."
"If we make changes that are material, we will take every reasonable step to ensure that changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on the ivpn website and emailing our existing customers."
We reserve the right to make amendments or modifications to our terms of use agreement.
"We are not liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, inconveniences, or whatsoever damages, or loss of profit, that may arise from the use of our services. we cannot and do not guarantee the speed of our service."
You will not use our services to threaten or harass others. you will not use our services to threaten or harass others.
You will not use our service for any type of criminal activities.
We cannot and do not guarantee the speed of our service.
You will not use our service to send unsolicited data in any form.
"In any event, ivpn shall never be liable for any monetary damages beyond what the user paid to ivpn and this will not include court costs or attorney fees irrespective of any statutes or laws that may be interpreted otherwise. in any event, ivpn shall never be liable for any monetary damages beyond what the user paid to ivpn and this will not include court costs or attorney fees irrespective of any statutes or laws that may be interpreted otherwise."
"Spam email), hate email, mass-marketing emails, unsolicited instant messages and unsolicited sms."
"If you violate any of our terms, we reserve the right to terminate your service without any advance warning or notification."
"Spam email), hate email, mass-marketing emails, unsolicited instant messages and unsolicited sms. you will not use our service to send unsolicited data in any form."
