Li> 15.4 dispute resolution and arbitration.
Some features may be new or experimental and may not have been tested in any manner. 13.2 content.
You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline interaction with any other person.
Any court with jurisdiction over the parties may enforce the arbitrator's award.
"Any dispute which has not been resolved by negotiation as provided herein within sixty (60) days or such time period as you and khan academy may otherwise agree, shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration as described in this section 15.4."
"The website, and all data, information, software, website materials, content (whether owned or licensed), user content, reference sites, services, or applications made available in conjunction with or through the website (the "" khan academy offerings ""), are provided on an ""as is,"" ""as available,"" and ""with all faults"" basis."
"Such license is perpetual and irrevocable, except to the extent required to comply with applicable privacy law relating to ownership and control of your personal information, including education records."
"By agreeing to binding arbitration, you waive your right to litigate disputes through a court and to have a judge or jury decide your case."
Khan academy hereby disclaims any and all liability with respect to any unauthorized access to any restricted user content. khan academy hereby disclaims any and all liability with respect to any unauthorized access to any restricted user content.
"You acknowledge that these terms are between you and khan academy only, not with apple, and apple is not responsible for the services and the content thereof."
Your continued use of the services after the posting of changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes.
"Khan academy will send any notice of dispute to you by first class u.s. mail to your address if khan academy has it, or otherwise to your e-mail address."
(a) generally.
"Khan academy may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing access to the services, or any part thereof, with or without notice."
"You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password."
"By registering for, accessing, browsing, or using the website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including the khan academy privacy policy and any additional guidelines (as defined below) (collectively, the ""terms""). the website is not available to (a) any users previously suspended or removed from the website by khan academy the website is not available to (a) any users previously suspended or removed from the website by khan academy or (b) any persons under the age of 13 whose registration has not been approved by a legal parent or guardian (or, for school accounts, by school personnel as permitted under the terms)."
"The services are hosted in the united states, and the services provided hereunder are offered by khan academy: po box 1630, mountain view, ca 94042. notices@khanacademy.org. 15.11 notice regarding apple."
"In the event of a dispute, you or khan academy must give the other a written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and a proposed solution (a ""notice of dispute"")."
"Khan academy will promptly terminate without notice your access to the services if you are determined by khan academy to be a ""repeat infringer."""
"Khan academy does not endorse any user content or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein khan academy does not endorse any user content or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein it is khan academy's policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the digital millennium copyright act."
The arbitrator may award the same damages to you individually as a court could.
"The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief to you only individually, and only to the extent required to satisfy your individual claim. (f) arbitration fees."
15.5 severability.
"If you do not agree to the modified terms, you must discontinue your use of the services."
"After sixty (60) days, you or khan academy may commence arbitration."
"You agree that the information you provide to khan academy, whether at registration or at any other time, will be true, accurate, current, and complete."
Any assignment attempted to be made in violation of the terms shall be null and void. 15.7 survival.
"(ii) your breach or alleged breach of these terms, or any violation of the terms."
"Notwithstanding this, khan academy shall still be allowed to apply for injunctive or other equitable relief to protect or enforce its intellectual property rights in any court of competent jurisdiction."
"If a dispute is not filed within one year, it is permanently barred. to the extent permitted by law, any dispute under these terms must be filed within one (1) year in an arbitration proceeding."
You are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) all disputes in court before a judge or jury.
"For any material changes to the terms, khan academy will make reasonable effort to provide notice to you of such amended terms, such as by an email notification to the address associated with your account or by posting a notice on the services, and such amended terms will be effective against you on the earlier of (i) your actual notice of such changes and (ii) thirty days after khan academy makes reasonable attempt to provide you such notice."
"As discussed herein, khan academy does not permit copyright, trademarks, or other intellectual property infringing activities on the services, and will terminate access to the services, and remove all user content or other content submitted, by any users who are found to be repeat infringers."
"Each party will bear the expense of that party's attorneys, experts, and witnesses, and other expenses, regardless of which party prevails, but a party may recover any or all expenses from another party if the arbitrator, applying applicable law, so determines. (g) filing period."
"You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms, when using the services."
"Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the services or your possession and/or use of the services, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims."
(e) arbitration procedures.
(iv) your failure to comply with applicable laws (including any failure to obtain or provide any necessary consent or notice).
"(ii) your use of (or inability to use) the website or the khan academy offerings, or (iii) any other interactions with khan academy or any third-party through or in connection with the khan academy offerings, including other users,."
(c) binding arbitration.
"However, changes addressing new functions for a service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately."
4.1 general.
Some features may be new or experimental and may not have been tested in any manner.
"If khan academy files, then khan academy will pay."
A repeat infringer is a user who has been notified by khan academy of infringing activity violations more than twice and/or who has had user content or any other user-submitted content removed from the services more than twice.
"The terms and related guidelines, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without khan academy's prior written consent, but may be assigned by khan academy without consent or any restriction."
"The place of arbitration shall be santa clara county, california."
"For more information, please go to khan academy's dmca notification guidelines athttps://www.khanacademy.org/about/dmca."
"By posting, submitting or distributing user content on or through the services, you hereby grant to khan academy a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, assignable, fully paid-up, royalty-free right and license to transferable, assignable, fully paid-up, royalty-free right and license to (a) host, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, use, make, have made, import, and otherwise exploit your user content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels (now known or hereafter developed, to the extent consistent with applicable law and khan academy's privacy policy)."
You must send any notice of dispute by first class u.s. mail to khan academy at p.o.
"Khan academy, in its sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without penalty, may suspend or terminate any account (or any part thereof) you may have with khan academy or your use of the services khan academy, in its sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without penalty, may suspend or terminate any account (or any part thereof) you may have with khan academy or your use of the services and remove and discard all or any part of your account, user profile, and user content, at any time."
"Khan academy reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the terms at any time."
"With respect to school accounts, consistent with applicable privacy law, as between khan academy and you, you (or your school, as applicable) retain all ownership rights you have in any user content to the extent such content is an education record."
"In order to expedite and control the cost of disputes, khan academy and you agree that any legal or equitable claim, dispute, action or proceeding arising from or related to your use of the services or these terms ("" dispute "") will be resolved as follows to the fullest extent permitted by law: (b) notice of dispute."
"If any provision of the terms or any guidelines is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated from the terms to the minimum extent necessary and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. 15.6 assignment."
"Or (b) any persons under the age of 13 whose registration has not been approved by a legal parent or guardian (or, for school accounts, by school personnel as permitted under the terms)."
"Khan academy grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access and use the licensed educational content as made available on the services by khan academy solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes."
(h) venue.
"To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the khan academy parties disclaim any and all warranties and conditions of any kind, whether statutory, express or implied, including, but not limited to, all implied warranties of merchantability, quality, availability, quiet enjoyment, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement."
The failure of khan academy to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
"The terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction."
"Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, will khan academy or the khan academy parties be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages (including without limitation damages arising from any unsuccessful court action or legal dispute, lost business, lost revenues or profits, loss of data, or any other pecuniary or non-pecuniary loss or damage of any nature whatsoever) even if khan academy or a khan academy parties has been advised of the possibility of such damages arising out of or relating (i) to the terms."
Any proceedings to resolve or litigate any dispute in any forum will be conducted solely on an individual basis.
The one-year period begins when the events giving rise to the dispute first occur.
"Any arbitration will be conducted by jams under the jams comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures (""jams rules"") in effect at the time the dispute is filed."
"We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes the failure of khan academy to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision."
(d) class action waiver.
"If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure (e.g., in the event of a loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure or use of your account id or password), then you agree to immediately notify khan academy at khan.co/ka-support."
Please check the terms and any guidelines periodically for changes that are made after you open your account.
Disputes arising under these terms will be resolved in accordance with the version of the terms in place at the time the dispute arose.
"Upon termination of the terms, any provision which, by its nature or express terms should survive, will survive such termination or expiration, including, but not limited to, sections 2, 4 through 6, 7.1, 7.4, 7.5, and 8 through 15. 15.8 headings."
"Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you."
You and khan academy will attempt in good faith to resolve any dispute through informal negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the notice of dispute is sent.
"(iii) any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made herein, whether by you or by any child user or school user whose account you have approved as a parent user or school personnel."
"And, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the services."
13.2 content.
"The terms, the privacy policy and guidelines constitute the entire agreement between you and khan academy relating to the subject matter herein and will not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties, or by a change to the terms, privacy policy or guidelines made by khan academy as set forth in section 4 above. 15.10 disclosures."
"You agree, to the extent permissible under your state's laws, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless khan academy, and its parent, successors, affiliated companies, contractors, officers, directors, employees, agents and its third-party suppliers, licensors, and partners (""khan academy parties"") from and against all losses, damages, liabilities, demands, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses of any kind (including legal fees and expenses), from any claim or demand made by any third-party relating to or arising out of (i) your access to, use or misuse of the services."
"In a dispute involving $10,000 or less, any hearing will be telephonic unless the arbitrator finds good cause to hold an in-person hearing instead."
"After sixty (60) days, you or khan academy may commence arbitration. (c) binding arbitration."
"And remove and discard all or any part of your account, user profile, and user content, at any time."
"(a) host, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, use, make, have made, import, and otherwise exploit your user content, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels (now known or hereafter developed, to the extent consistent with applicable law and khan academy's privacy policy)."
Whoever files the arbitration will pay the initial filing fee.
"If you file, then you will pay unless you get a fee waiver under the applicable arbitration rules."
"To the extent permitted by law, any dispute under these terms must be filed within one (1) year in an arbitration proceeding."
"By agreeing to binding arbitration, you waive your right to litigate disputes through a court and to have a judge or jury decide your case. (a) generally."
"You understand and agree that your use, access, download, or otherwise obtaining of content, website materials, software, or data through the website (including through any api's) is at your own discretion and risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your property (including your computer system) or loss of data that results therefrom."
"Apple, and apple's subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these terms, and upon your acceptance of the terms, apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the terms against you as a third party beneficiary of the terms."
13.1 no warranties.
"The website, and all data, information, software, website materials, content (whether owned or licensed), user content, reference sites, services, or applications made available in conjunction with or through the website (the ""khan academy offerings""), are provided on an ""as is,"" ""as available,"" and ""with all faults"" basis."
And (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
"In the event of any failure of the services to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify apple and apple will refund the purchase price for the applicable mobile application to you, if any."
"We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes a) user disputes."
"Upon opening an account, you accept the terms in the form posted on our website."
"You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the services, and any other parties with whom you interact through the service."
"If a dispute is not filed within one year, it is permanently barred."
You may request a telephonic or in-person hearing by following the jams rules.
"Box 1630, mountain view, ca 94042 and also via e-mail to notices@khanacademy.org."
"If a dispute is not filed within one year, it is permanently barred. (h) venue."
"The heading references herein are for convenience purposes only, do not constitute a part of the terms, and will not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 15.9 entire agreement."
You also agree that you will ensure that this information is kept accurate and up-to-date at all times.
"Khan academy is not responsible for the actions, content, information or data of other third parties, including other users."
"(v) the infringement by you or any third-party using your account of any intellectual property, privacy, or other right of any person or entity, including in connection with your user content, or (vi) your breach or alleged breach of any interaction, agreement, or policy between you and any other users."
"In the event that any dispute cannot be resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with this section 15.4, you agree that such dispute will be filed only in the state or federal courts in and for santa clara county, california, and each of you and khan academy hereby consent and submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such action."
"Last updated: august 1, 2019 last updated: august 1, 2019 please read the following terms of service carefully."
Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the services.
Please read this section carefully because it affects your rights.
And (ii) you are not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties. back to top li> 15.4 dispute resolution and arbitration.
"You agree, to the extent permissible under your state's laws, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless khan academy, and its parent, successors, affiliated companies, contractors, officers, directors, employees, agents and its third-party suppliers, licensors, and partners ("" khan academy parties "") from and against all losses, damages, liabilities, demands, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses of any kind (including legal fees and expenses), from any claim or demand made by any third-party relating to or arising out of (i) your access to, use or misuse of the services."
"In the event of a dispute, you or khan academy must give the other a written statement that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and a proposed solution (a "" notice of dispute "")."
"You are a us resident at least 13 years of age you are a us resident at least 13 years of age you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password."
"You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo, or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a ""terrorist supporting"" country."
(ii) any claim that the services fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement.
Any court with jurisdiction over the parties may enforce the arbitrator's award. > (d) class action waiver.
A) user disputes.
"Instead, all disputes will be resolved before a neutral arbitrator, whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the federal arbitration act."
No arbitration or proceeding will be combined with another without the prior written consent of all parties to all affected arbitrations or proceedings.
"Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the services or your possession and use of the services infringes that third party's intellectual property rights."
Neither you nor khan academy will seek to have any dispute heard as a class action or in any other proceeding in which either party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity.
You may terminate these terms at any time (prospectively only) by deleting your login account with the services and discontinuing use of any and all parts of the services. you may terminate these terms at any time (prospectively only) by deleting your login account with the services and discontinuing use of any and all parts of the services.
"In order to expedite and control the cost of disputes, khan academy and you agree that any legal or equitable claim, dispute, action or proceeding arising from or related to your use of the services or these terms (""dispute"") will be resolved as follows to the fullest extent permitted by law: (b) notice of dispute."
"In such cases, khan academy's liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law."
"Khan academy, and the khan academy parties, do not warrant that the website or any data, user content, functions, or any other information offered on or through the website will be uninterrupted, or free of errors, viruses or other harmful components, and do not warrant that any of the foregoing will be corrected."
"Khan academy and the khan academy parties make no representation or warranty that (1) the khan academy offerings will (a) meet your requirements or expectations, or be to your liking, or (b) will be timely, secure, accurate, free from errors or loss, or uninterrupted, (2) that the services are free from viruses or other harmful components, or (3) that any defects or errors will be corrected."
"To the extent the forum provided by jams is unavailable, khan academy and you agree to select a mutually agreeable alternative dispute resolution service and that such alternative dispute resolution service shall apply the jams rules."
"No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from khan academy or through the website will create any warranty not expressly stated herein."
"8.3 post, upload, or distribute any defamatory, libelous, or inaccurate user content or other content; 8.3 post, upload, or distribute any defamatory, libelous, or inaccurate user content or other content; 8.4 post, upload, or distribute any user content or other content that is unlawful or that a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, offensive, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, distressing, vulgar, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or otherwise inappropriate; 8.4 post, upload, or distribute any user content or other content that is unlawful or that a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, offensive, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, distressing, vulgar, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or otherwise inappropriate; 8.9 make unsolicited offers, advertisements, proposals, or send junk mail or spam to other users of the services (including, but not limited to, unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or other solicitation material, bulk mailing of commercial advertising, chain mail, informational announcements, charity requests, and petitions for signatures); 8.10 use the services for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights, and data protection and privacy; 8.10 use the services for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights, and data protection and privacy; intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the services or any user's enjoyment of it, by any means, including without limitation by participation in any denial-of-service type attacks or by uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code. intentionally interfere with or damage operation of the services or any user's enjoyment of it, by any means, including without limitation by participation in any denial-of-service type attacks or by uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code."
