"We do not provide any refunds of the premium service and the paid asset that have already been purchased in accordance to article 17, paragraph 2, subparagraph no."
"Even if some provisions of these terms become unenforceable, this does not affect the other provisions."
"In the case where the amendment is significant or may apply unfavorably to you, we will notify you individually in advance via digital methods, such as email, in-app message or push notification within the service, and the modifications will go into effect at least 30 days from the day of notification."
"Anyone under the age of 14 who has made the registration without the consent of one’s legal representative (parent, etc.)"
"We may constitute separate terms of use and policies for the premium service and individual service (collectively, “terms of premium service, etc.”), and if these terms herein conflict with the terms of premium service, etc., the latter takes precedence."
We do not make any agreement or guarantee for any matters not specified in these terms concerning the service and the asset.
"For matters not prescribed in or interpretable through these terms, they are governed by the terms of premium service, etc., the act on the regulation of terms and conditions, the framework act on telecommunications, the act on promotion of information and communications network utilization and information protection, etc., other applicable laws and regulations and the current commercial practices."
You reserve the rights and obligations over the content you have created.
"If these terms are to be amended, we will give you a notice prior to the amendment’s effective date by publishing the current terms on the initial page of the service, with the reasons and the application date of the changes specified."
"If the inactivated account stays dormant for a year, we may necessarily withdraw the membership from our service without any additional notice to the member, if the inactivated account stays dormant for a year, we may necessarily withdraw the membership from our service without any additional notice to the member, we only grant you the rights to use the service, the account, the id and the nickname, and you shall not commit any acts of disposal of the foregoing rights, including their transference, sales and pledging."
"And our approval of such registration in principle, we do not permit the membership registration of anyone under the age of 14 in principle, we do not permit the membership registration of anyone under the age of 14 the member holds the responsibility to manage one’s id and password and should not allow any third party to use them."
"We only grant you the rights to use the service, the account, the id and the nickname, and you shall not commit any acts of disposal of the foregoing rights, including their transference, sales and pledging."
"However, if you have not provided your contact or did not update your contact information after changing them and thus is unable to be reached, you will be deemed to have been notified through means specified in article 18."
Lawsuits filed between the customer and the company will be governed by the laws of the republic of korea.
"Even after the withdrawal of membership, all customer work created until the point of withdrawal will be governed by these terms."
"Anyone who had previously lost the membership according to these terms, except in the case where the company has approved of the re-registration."
"Effective date: january 27, 2021 effective date: january 27, 2021 previous version of the terms of service previous version of the terms of service"
"5 of the act on the consumer protection in electronic commerce, etc."
"When you no longer wish to use our service, you may terminate the service at any time by notifying us of your intention."
Changes addressing new features for enhancement of customer convenience or for legal reasons may be applied immediately.
The member holds the responsibility to manage one’s id and password and should not allow any third party to use them.
"If there is any sign that your id and password have been stolen or that a third party has taken control over them, you must immediately report this to us and follow our guidelines."
"(6)	we are not held liable for any problems and damages arising from the use of the service outside the scope specified in these terms, of which the customer will hold full responsibility over."
"English english 한국어 日本語 简体中文 繁体中文 indonesian ภาษาไทย we may constitute separate terms of use and policies for the premium service and individual service (collectively, “terms of premium service, etc.”), and if these terms herein conflict with the terms of premium service, etc., the latter takes precedence."
"And our approval of such registration anyone under the age of 14 who has made the registration without the consent of one’s legal representative (parent, etc.)"
"In no case will we be held liable for any punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental damages, lost profits, costs and losses in connection to the service."
