"If you are under 18 years of age (or the age of legal majority where you live), you may only access or use our services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these terms."
"Instead, you and the company will arbitrate disputes through binding arbitration (which is the referral of a dispute to one or more persons charged with reviewing the dispute and making a final and binding determination to resolve it instead of having the dispute decided by a judge or jury in court)."
(b) your content or any name that you have reserved.
"E) send, distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk commercial electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; e) send, distribute or post spam, unsolicited or bulk commercial electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes; failure to enforce such rules in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such rules in other instances."
"In particular, but without limitation, the software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any u.s. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the u.s. treasury department’s list of specially designated nationals or the u.s. department of commerce denied person’s list or entity list."
The company does not have the power or responsibility to provide any refunds.
(c) your violation of these terms.
"The company and the other company parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages or lost profits, even if the company or the other company parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages. the company and the other company parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages or lost profits, even if the company or the other company parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages."
"If we make changes to these terms, we will provide notice of such changes by posting the revised terms to the services and updating the “last updated” date at the top of these terms."
Your use of our services is at your sole risk.
"The following sections will survive the expiration or termination of these terms: all defined terms and sections 12 - 18, 21 and 22. 23."
"If any term, clause or provision of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable, then that term, clause or provision will be severable from these terms and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term, clause or provision, or any other term, clause or provision of these terms."
Terms of service last updated: february 2020 terms of service last updated: february 2020 you must be at least 13 years of age to access or use our services.
"Any dispute arising out of or related to these terms or the services is personal to you and the company and will be resolved solely through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding."
"Our services are provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement."
"We will own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to feedback and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. we have a policy of limiting access to our services and terminating the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others."
"The following sections will survive the expiration or termination of these terms: all defined terms and sections 12 - 18, 21 and 22."
Your continued use of the services following our provision of any such notice will confirm your acceptance of the revised terms.
We reserve the right to change these terms from time to time upon notice to you.
Failure to enforce such rules in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce such rules in other instances.
"These terms and your access to and use of the services will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of delaware, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of the state of delaware or any other jurisdiction) these terms and your access to and use of the services will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of delaware, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of the state of delaware or any other jurisdiction) any dispute between the parties arising out of or relating to these terms that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in the state or federal courts of the state of delaware and the united states, respectively, sitting in new castle county, delaware."
We have a policy of limiting access to our services and terminating the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
"Termination or suspension termination or suspension notwithstanding anything contained in these terms, we reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate this agreement or suspend your right to access the services."
"Unless clearly labeled as such in the sole judgment of the company, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying lbry or the services, or which may expose the company or its users to any harm or liability of any type unless clearly labeled as such in the sole judgment of the company, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying lbry or the services, or which may expose the company or its users to any harm or liability of any type the company does not have the power or responsibility to provide any refunds."
"Company, in its sole discretion, may from time to time impose limits on the ability to sell content via the services."
Lbry enables publishers to offer content for sale to other users by setting contract terms within the metadata of the content.
"Any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information you submit about the company or our products or services (collectively, “feedback”), is non-confidential and will become the sole property of the company."
">d) stalk, intimidate, threaten, or otherwise harass or cause discomfort to other users."
"If you believe that anything on our services infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may notify the company’s designated agent as follows: designated agent: lbry inc address: 99 hanover st, manchester, nh 03101 telephone number: 907-318-5956 fax number: 801-327-6808 e-mail address: hello@lbry.com if you believe that anything on our services infringes any copyright that you own or control, you may notify the company’s designated agent as follows: designated agent: lbry inc address: 99 hanover st, manchester, nh 03101 telephone number: 907-318-5956 fax number: 801-327-6808 e-mail address: hello@lbry.com to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the company and our officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “company parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (including attorney’s fees) (“claims”) arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our services."
You must be at least 13 years of age to access or use our services.
"By using the software or service, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list."
23.
"Or (d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights)."
You agree to comply with all applicable export and import laws and regulations.
"Any dispute between the parties arising out of or relating to these terms that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in the state or federal courts of the state of delaware and the united states, respectively, sitting in new castle county, delaware."
"In addition, the company does not represent or warrant that our services are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free."
"In some cases, we may provide additional notice to you, such as via our services or to an email address associated with your account."
Our services are provided “as is” and “as available” your use of our services is at your sole risk.
"The total liability of the company and the other company parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these terms or our services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the greater of any amount paid, if any, by you to access or use our services or $100 usd. the total liability of the company and the other company parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these terms or our services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the greater of any amount paid, if any, by you to access or use our services or $100 usd."
You may terminate this agreement without notice by discontinuing use of the services.
"You will not use the services to distribute or publish content that: is unlawful, you will not use the services to distribute or publish content that: is unlawful, for example, copyrighted works, underage sexual content, revenge pornography, or any other content illegal under us or state law. for example, copyrighted works, underage sexual content, revenge pornography, or any other content illegal under us or state law."
