"You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless leetify and its officers, directors, employees, consultants and agents from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorney fees) arising from your use of the leetify service, your violation of the terms of use or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity."
"Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this contract, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be solved by the district court of stockholm in sweden. this contract shall be governed by the substantive law of sweden."
You must not use the service for any illegal or abusive purposes.
"By subscribing to the service you give leetify the right to charge your credit card, or bill you via other payment methods, for fees connected with the service such as renewal fees or fees for extra services."
"Refund policyif you wish to ask for a refund or have an invoice cancelled, you need to send an email to info@leetify.com within 2 days (two days) of the invoice date."
You agree to immediately notify leetify of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security known to you.
"Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this contract, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be solved by the district court of stockholm in sweden."
"In no event shall leetify's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site."
"Refund policy if you wish to ask for a refund or have an invoice cancelled, you need to send an email to info@leetify.com within 2 days (two days) of the invoice date."
Only one free account per person or legal entity is allowed.
"By using the service provided on the leetify.com website’s (“service”), a service of leetify ab (""leetify""), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“terms of service”)."
Any abuse of the service will lead to termination of your account.
"Leetify reserves the right to change the prices for the service and any connected extra services at any time leetify reserves the right to change the prices for the service and any connected extra services at any time you expressly understand and agree that leetify shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if leetify has been advised of the possibility of such damages) you expressly understand and agree that leetify shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if leetify has been advised of the possibility of such damages) in no event shall leetify's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site."
This contract shall be governed by the substantive law of sweden.
"Changes to terms of service these terms of service may be updated from time to time, and if updates are made you will be prompted to agree to the changes upon logging in to the control panel."
You are solely responsible for the security of your account and keeping your password safe.
The leetify service is provided “as is” and “as available”.
"Otherif any part of this terms of service would be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms of service shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. other if any part of this terms of service would be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms of service shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law."
Leetify reserves the right to decide what is considered abuse of the service.
"Changes to terms of servicethese terms of service may be updated from time to time, and if updates are made you will be prompted to agree to the changes upon logging in to the control panel."
