": you and linkedin ireland agree that the laws of ireland, excluding conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and/or the services."
"So, if you apply for a job through our service or opt to signal that you are interested in a job, our default is to share it only with the job poster. where we have made settings available, we will honor the choices you make about who can see content or information (e.g., message content to your addressees, sharing content only to linkedin connections, restricting your profile visibility from search engines, or opting not to notify others of your linkedin profile update)."
">you own all of the content >you own all of the content feedback and personal information you provide to us feedback and personal information you provide to us the following non-exclusive license: the following non-exclusive license: a worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish and process, information and content that you provide through our services and the services of others, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or others."
"Linkedin, including its affiliates, will not be liable in connection with this contract for lost profits or lost business opportunities, reputation (e.g., offensive or defamatory statements), loss of data (e.g., down time or loss, use of, or changes to, your information or content) or any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages. linkedin, including its affiliates, will not be liable in connection with this contract for lost profits or lost business opportunities, reputation (e.g., offensive or defamatory statements), loss of data (e.g., down time or loss, use of, or changes to, your information or content) or any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages."
"If you use a service feature, we may mention that with your name or photo to promote that feature within our services, subject to your settings."
We agree that changes cannot be retroactive.
"Linkedin and its affiliates will not be liable to you in connection with this contract for any amount that exceeds (a) the total fees paid or payable by you to linkedin for the services during the term of this contract, if any, or (b) us $1000. linkedin and its affiliates will not be liable to you in connection with this contract for any amount that exceeds (a) the total fees paid or payable by you to linkedin for the services during the term of this contract, if any, or (b) us $1000."
We provide a policy and process for complaints concerning content posted by our members
"A worldwide, transferable and sublicensable right to use, copy, modify, distribute, publish and process, information and content that you provide through our services and the services of others, without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or others we will not include your content in advertisements for the products and services of third parties to others without your separate consent (including sponsored content)."
"Linkedin and its affiliates make no representation or warranty about the services, including any representation that the services will be uninterrupted or error-free, linkedin and its affiliates make no representation or warranty about the services, including any representation that the services will be uninterrupted or error-free, and provide the services (including content and information) on an “as is” and “as available” basis."
"However, we have the right, without payment to you or others, to serve ads near your content and information, and your social actionse.g."
"Linkedin reserves the right to limit your use of the services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other members."
"You and linkedin ireland agree that claims and disputes can be litigated only in dublin, ireland, and we each agree to personal jurisdiction of the courts located in dublin, ireland."
"We use the term “designated countries” to refer to countries in the european union (eu), european economic area (eea), and switzerland."
"Use your real name on your profile use your real name on your profile develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons or any other technology) to scrape the services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the services develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons or any other technology) to scrape the services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the services we respect the intellectual property rights of others."
"We may change, suspend or discontinue any of our services."
"(2) you will only have one linkedin account, (2) you will only have one linkedin account, if you purchase a subscription, your payment method automatically will be charged at the start of each subscription period for the fees and taxes applicable to that period."
"If you purchase a subscription, your payment method automatically will be charged at the start of each subscription period for the fees and taxes applicable to that period."
"If you use a service feature, we may mention that with your name or photo to promote that feature within our services, subject to your settings. we will not include your content in advertisements for the products and services of third parties to others without your separate consent (including sponsored content)."
The services are not for use by anyone under the age of 16. the services are not for use by anyone under the age of 16.
"In the unlikely event we end up in a legal dispute, you and linkedin agree to resolve it in california courts using california law, or dublin, ireland courts using irish law."
"You and linkedin ireland agree that claims and disputes can be litigated only in dublin, ireland, and we each agree to personal jurisdiction of the courts located in dublin, ireland. for others outside of designated countries, including those who live outside of the united states: you and linkedin agree that the laws of the state of california, u.s.a., excluding its conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and/or the services."
"Effective on august 11, 2020 if you have chosen not to register for our services, you may access certain features as a “visitor.” if you have chosen not to register for our services, you may access certain features as a “visitor.” we may modify this contract, our privacy policy and our cookies policy from time to time."
"To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, linkedin and its affiliates disclaim any implied or statutory warranty, including any implied warranty of title, accuracy of data, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, linkedin and its affiliates disclaim any implied or statutory warranty, including any implied warranty of title, accuracy of data, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose."
"We have the right to limit how you connect and interact on our services. linkedin reserves the right to limit your use of the services, including the number of your connections and your ability to contact other members."
"If we make material changes to it, we will provide you notice through our services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective."
"If you object to any changes, you may close your account."
"Linkedin reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if you breach this contract or the law or are misusing the services (e.g., violating any of the dos and don’ts or professional community policies). linkedin reserves the right to restrict, suspend, or terminate your account if you breach this contract or the law or are misusing the services (e.g., violating any of the dos and don’ts or professional community policies)."
And provide the services (including content and information) on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
"However, we have the right, without payment to you or others, to serve ads near your content and information, and your social actions e.g."
"For job searching activities, we default to not notifying your connections network or the public."
"Where we have made settings available, we will honor the choices you make about who can see content or information (e.g., message content to your addressees, sharing content only to linkedin connections, restricting your profile visibility from search engines, or opting not to notify others of your linkedin profile update)."
We have the right to limit how you connect and interact on our services.
"We use the term “designated countries” to refer to countries in the european union (eu), european economic area (eea), and switzerland.: you and linkedin ireland agree that the laws of ireland, excluding conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and/or the services."
We are not obligated to publish any information or content on our service and can remove it with or without notice.
Both you and linkedin may terminate this contract at any time with notice to the other.
"We may modify this contract, our privacy policy and our cookies policy from time to time."
"So, if you apply for a job through our service or opt to signal that you are interested in a job, our default is to share it only with the job poster."
"For others outside of designated countries, including those who live outside of the united states : you and linkedin agree that the laws of the state of california, u.s.a., excluding its conflict of laws rules, shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and/or the services."
We require that information posted by members be accurate and not in violation of the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties.
"Likes, comments, follows, shares may be visible and included with ads, as noted in the privacy policy."
We provide a policy and process for complaints concerning content posted by our members we respect the intellectual property rights of others.
