(ii) your violation of these terms &amp.
"(iv) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, publicity or privacy right."
"Metacafe is not affiliated with those websites, has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites."
"Your use of the web site is solely for your personal, noncommercial use."
(iii) your violation of the terms which apply to your user submission.
"Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and a party's failure to assert any right or provision under these terms of use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision."
"Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred."
The invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms &amp.
"You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless metacafe, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of the web site."
The web site may contain links to third party web sites that are not owned or controlled by metacafe.
"And agree to indemnify and hold metacafe, its owners, affiliates, employees, agents and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the web site."
Metacafe makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the web site's content metacafe makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the web site's content any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content on or via the web site.
"You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure."
You and metacafe agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the metacafe web site must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues.
The web site includes content that is provided to metacafe by espn.
Conditions.
"You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, ""robots,"" ""spiders,"" and ""offline readers,"" you agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, ""robots,"" ""spiders,"" and ""offline readers,"" metacafe has the right to terminate your access to the web site, in its sole discretion, immediately and with or without cause. metacafe has the right to terminate your access to the web site, in its sole discretion, immediately and with or without cause."
"Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect."
Any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content on or via the web site.
Or (v) any claim that one of your user submissions caused damage to a third party.
