"Engage in spidering or harvesting, or participate in the use of software, including spyware, designed to collect data from the site or services."
"Right to erasure at all times you have an easy way to opt out of our service and delete your account as well as all of your content data, if you do not wish to continue using our services."
Mewe will only respond to requests from non-u.s. law enforcement agencies that are issued by a u.s. court either by way of a mutual legal assistance treaty or a letter rogatory.
In mewe secret chat are deleted on mewe servers after they have been delivered successfully.
"The encrypted messages and media (images, videos etc.)"
"If mewe learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps."
"Sections 2701-2712, as well as by our own terms of service and privacy policy."
"You are responsible for all activities that occur under your mewe account you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your mewe account information, including your username and password."
"Post content that is hateful, threatening, harmful, incites violence."
The use of mewe is for all persons age 16 and over who agree to these terms of service.
"You are responsible for all activities that occur under your mewe account you agree to notify mewe immediately of any unauthorized access or use of your mewe account you agree to notify mewe immediately of any unauthorized access or use of your mewe account while you may use mewe pseudonymously or as a&nbsp;parody, commentary, or fan account while you may use mewe pseudonymously or as a&nbsp;parody, commentary, or fan account if mewe learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps."
"Mewe reserves the right to ban pages, groups and users that do not comply with its terms of service as assessed in mewe’s sole discretion and interpretation of its terms of service the use of mewe is for all persons age 16 and over who agree to these terms of service."
Mewe can remove any content or information you post at mewe if we believe that it violates our terms of service.
Use automated methods to use the site or services.
"Or contains graphic or gratuitous violence. post content that is hateful, threatening, harmful, incites violence."
"Post unlawful, harmful, obscene, or pornographic content. post unlawful, harmful, obscene, or pornographic content."
Or contains graphic or gratuitous violence.
"You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your mewe account information, including your username and password."
Mewe has no way to decrypt secret chat messages of mewe users because the messages are end-to-end encrypted and mewe does not have any knowledge of their private keys.
Archive of previous terms archive of previous terms
"We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe you have violated these terms."
Mewe offers secret chat as an option for mewe users.
Violate any law or regulation violate any law or regulation .
"At any time you can retrieve your entire content data package from mewe, using the “download your content” feature in your account."
"Send unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or commercial communications, such as spam."
Mewe uses your content data for the sole purpose of serving and providing you with the full experience of mewe.
"For all mewe customers disclosure is governed by u.s. law, including the federal stored communications act (the “sca”), 18 u.s.c."
"Engage in spidering or harvesting, or participate in the use of software, including spyware, designed to collect data from the site or services. use automated methods to use the site or services."
"In general, we will turn over “basic subscriber” records (i.e., name, email address, phone number, and so on) in response to a valid subpoena that is issued in connection with an official criminal investigation."
"You agree that any action of whatever nature arising from or relating to these terms, the site, or services will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in los angeles county, california."
Mewe can remove any content or information you post at mewe if we believe that it violates our terms of service. mewe reserves the right to remove objectionable content without notice.
"When you use our services, we may receive information (“log data”) such as your ip address when you use our services, we may receive information (“log data”) such as your ip address the referring web page the referring web page device information (including device and application ids) device information (including device and application ids) at any time you can retrieve your entire content data package from mewe, using the “download your content” feature in your account."
Mewe reserves the right to remove objectionable content without notice.
