The convention on contracts for the international sale of goods will not apply.
"If there is any difference between the english version and other language versions, then the english version, subject to applicable laws and regulations, shall prevail."
"If you are under the legal age of majority (“minor” or “child”), your parent or legal guardian must consent to this agreement."
You agree and acknowledge that any claims or legal actions between you and mihoyo shall be referred to china international economic and trade arbitration commission (“cietac”) hong kong arbitration centre for arbitration which shall be conducted in accordance with such commission’s arbitration rules.
4) mihoyo may translate this agreement into other languages.
You represent that you are an adult in your country of residence (or at other age in your jurisdiction where you are classified as a majority) when using the mihoyo services.
"Effective date: december 23rd, 2020 lease note that the mihoyo game(s) with the cheat detection software therein may collect and transmit details about your account, gameplay, and any potentially unauthorized programs and processes also, we reserve the right to terminate your usership or account and have the right to require your re-registration with a new acceptable username if, in our discretion, we consider that your username (or its use) is offensive or otherwise breaches the user terms in any way. also, we reserve the right to terminate your usership or account and have the right to require your re-registration with a new acceptable username if, in our discretion, we consider that your username (or its use) is offensive or otherwise breaches the user terms in any way."
"Post, upload, transmit or otherwise disseminate information that is obscene, indecent, vulgar, pornographic, sexual or otherwise offensive or objectionable you acknowledge and confirm that you may not, either directly or indirectly, do or attempt to do any of the following action with respect to any or all of the mihoyo services: i."
"Mihoyo hereunder grants you a personal, limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-sublicensable right and license to install and use one copy of the software of mihoyo game(s) solely for your own personal entertainment and non-commercial purpose on a device you legally own or control."
"You acknowledge and confirm that you may not, either directly or indirectly, do or attempt to do any of the following action with respect to any or all of the mihoyo services: i."
"If the above arbitration terms are not enforceable on any dispute, both parties agree that such dispute shall be brought in a court in shanghai, china 4) mihoyo may translate this agreement into other languages."
"If the above arbitration terms are not enforceable on any dispute, both parties agree that such dispute shall be brought in a court in shanghai, china this agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of hong kong excluding its conflict of law principles."
"Post, upload, transmit or otherwise disseminate information that is obscene, indecent, vulgar, pornographic, sexual or otherwise offensive or objectionable defame, libel, ridicule, mock, stalk, threaten, harass, intimidate, abuse anyone hatefully, racially, ethnically or otherwise offensive or objectionable to a portion of the public defame, libel, ridicule, mock, stalk, threaten, harass, intimidate, abuse anyone hatefully, racially, ethnically or otherwise offensive or objectionable to a portion of the public not to make use of the mihoyo services except for your individual enjoyment and non-commercial purpose."
This agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of hong kong excluding its conflict of law principles.
The arbitral award is final and binding upon both parties.
