"You may use the services only if you are 18&nbsp;years or older, you may use the services only if you are 18&nbsp;years or older, if you choose to submit feedback, you agree that we are free to use it, for any reason, without any restriction or compensation to you."
If you continue to use the services after we have posted updated terms it means that you accept and agree to the changes.
"Neeva does not claim any ownership rights in any user data, and nothing in these terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to your user data."
"The services and any data or content made available through the services, including user data, are provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind."
"If we update the terms, we’ll let you know by posting the updated terms on the site, to the app and/or may also send other communications."
"Or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis."
"Anything, (other than feedback), that you post or otherwise make available through the services is referred to as “user data”."
"You and neeva agree that the u.s. federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these terms, and that you and neeva are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action."
"Our services may collect or allow users to submit, transmit or store information, data, content, and other materials."
"We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the services (collectively, “disputes”) will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding."
"We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any information or content on the services. we make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any information or content on the services."
It’s important that you review the terms whenever we update them or you use the services.
"Neeva does not claim any ownership rights in any user data, and nothing in these terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to your user data. our services may collect or allow users to submit, transmit or store information, data, content, and other materials."
"We make no warranty that the services will meet your requirements we make no warranty that the services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis."
"Anything, (other than feedback), that you post or otherwise make available through the services is referred to as “ user data ”."
"Updated: january 18th, 2022 updated: january 18th, 2022 if we update the terms, we’ll let you know by posting the updated terms on the site, to the app and/or may also send other communications."
