"You hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless nyt and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees (collectively, the "" indemnified parties "") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the indemnified parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you or any user of your account of these terms of service or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants."
"Please notify help@nytimes.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your password or credit card information. please notify help@nytimes.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your password or credit card information."
"(ii) use robots, spiders, scripts, service, software or any manual or automatic device, tool, or process designed to data mine or scrape the content, data or information from the services, or otherwise access or collect the content, data or information from the services using automated means."
We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the services without notice or liability.
"To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, the services and all software are distributed on an ""as is"" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose."
You also hereby expressly waive any right to resort to any form of class action.
"You agree that you will not threaten or verbally abuse other members, use defamatory language, or deliberately disrupt discussions with repetitive messages, meaningless messages or ""spam."
11.1 these terms of service have been made and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the united states of america and the state of new york as an agreement wholly performed therein without regard to their conflict of law provisions and the united nations conventions on contracts (if applicable). 11.1 these terms of service have been made and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the united states of america and the state of new york as an agreement wholly performed therein without regard to their conflict of law provisions and the united nations conventions on contracts (if applicable).
"Last updated on january 3rd, 2019 last updated on january 3rd, 2019 we may change, add or remove portions of these terms of service at any time by notifying we may change, add or remove portions of these terms of service at any time by notifying cancel your account by sending an e-mail to: cancel@nytimes.com cancel your account by sending an e-mail to: cancel@nytimes.com we may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the services without notice or liability."
"You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, which you will not have to reveal to any representative or agent of nyt."
11.2 any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the services or these terms of services must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
"(b) that you are at least thirteen years old if you are in the usa and the uk, and sixteen years old anywhere else."
"And (c) if you are under eighteen years old, your parent or legal guardian has read these terms of service and agreed to them and your use of the service."
"You grant nyt a perpetual, nonexclusive, world-wide, royalty-free, sub-licensable license to the submissions, which includes without limitation the right for nyt, or any third party it designates, to use, copy, transmit, excerpt, publish, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, communicate to the public, create derivative works of, host, index, cache, tag, encode, modify and adapt (including without limitation the right to adapt to streaming, downloading, broadcast, mobile, digital, thumbnail, scanning or other technologies) in any form or media now known or hereinafter developed, any submission posted by you on or to the services or any other website owned by nyt, including any submission posted on or to the services through a third party."
Nyt does not warrant that the services will be uninterrupted or error-free.
A direct violation of these terms of service and are grounds for immediate and permanent suspension of access to all or part of the service.
"The services shall be used only in a noncommercial manner the services shall be used only in a noncommercial manner you grant nyt a perpetual, nonexclusive, world-wide, royalty-free, sub-licensable license to the submissions, which includes without limitation the right for nyt, or any third party it designates, to use, copy, transmit, excerpt, publish, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, communicate to the public, create derivative works of, host, index, cache, tag, encode, modify and adapt (including without limitation the right to adapt to streaming, downloading, broadcast, mobile, digital, thumbnail, scanning or other technologies) in any form or media now known or hereinafter developed, any submission posted by you on or to the services or any other website owned by nyt, including any submission posted on or to the services through a third party."
12.5 our failure to enforce any provision of these terms of service or to respond to a breach by you or other parties shall not in any way constitute a waiver of our right to enforce subsequently any terms or conditions of these terms of service or to act with respect to similar breaches.
"You hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless nyt and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees (collectively, the ""indemnified parties"") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the indemnified parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you or any user of your account of these terms of service or the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants."
