You must be at least 18 years of age to access or use our platform.
Refunds.
"We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate or suspend your account or your right to access or use our platform."
You may need to register for an account to access some or all of the platform.
"A collective can also be suspended or discontinued at any time by us, the host or the collective administrator."
You are responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access. you also must maintain the security of your account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission.
We may also attempt to notify you by sending an email notification to the address associated with your account or providing notice through our platform.
You are responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.
We are not responsible for any loss or harm related to your inability to access or use our platform.
"Except as provided in these terms, all contributions are final, and there are no refunds."
You also must maintain the security of your account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission.
"Refunds. except as provided in these terms, all contributions are final, and there are no refunds."
The failure of to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms will not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
"If any provision or part of a provision of these terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these terms and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions."
"If we make changes, we will post the amended terms to our platform and update the ""last updated"" date above."
"Use our platform in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our platform use our platform in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our platform use our platform for any illegal or unauthorized purpose use our platform for any illegal or unauthorized purpose libelous, defamatory, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive , political campaigning , political campaigning we will own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to feedback and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you."
Last updated: 16 august 2019 last updated: 16 august 2019 you must be at least 18 years of age to access or use our platform.
"We will own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to feedback and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you."
We may make changes to these terms from time to time.
