We delete your service account in response to a data deletion request from you we delete your service account in response to a data deletion request from you b.
The privacy statement is posted at https://www.opera.com/privacy.
"All actions or proceedings arising under or related to these terms must be brought in the oslo city court all actions or proceedings arising under or related to these terms must be brought in the oslo city court if any provision of these terms is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these terms shall not be affected or impaired thereby. if any provision of these terms is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these terms shall not be affected or impaired thereby."
And c.
"You may not use the service to assault, interfere, gain unauthorized access, deny service in any way or form to any other network or device through the service. b."
Third party services may be subject to separate terms and conditions.
Opera has no control over and no responsibility for third party sites or third party content.
"Opera does not represent or warrant that the services will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the services or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components. opera does not represent or warrant that the services will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the services or the server that makes them available are free of viruses or other harmful components."
These third party services may include the following: a. geolocation api: a geolocation service provided by google llc.
"Opera does not consent to nor does it condone the posting of any content that violates the rights (including the copyrights) of any third party, nor content that may malign, inter alia, any religion, ethnic group, organization, gender, company, or individual."
"You are responsible for the security of your user account you are responsible for the security of your user account opera has the right to refuse to post, edit, or deliver user generated content."
"By using the services, you agree that you will not upload, transfer, or otherwise make available files, images, code, materials, or other information or content (“content”) that violates the rights of any third party, including their intellectual property rights, however defined."
Opera may update these terms or the privacy statement from time to time.
"And b. whatsapp: a messaging service provided by whatsapp, inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.whatsapp.com/legal."
And b.
By using the service you accept google’s terms of service available at https://policies.google.com/terms.
"You also agree not to upload, transfer, or otherwise make available any content that is obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, or threatening."
"Facebook messenger: a messaging service provided by facebook, inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms."
Opera may modify these terms. opera may update these terms or the privacy statement from time to time.
"And c. facebook messenger: a messaging service provided by facebook, inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms."
"You agree that opera shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received, or any transactions entered into through the services."
"Should you violate these service specific terms or the rights of any participating merchants or threaten the operation of servicek, opera may delete your account and terminate the service specific terms with you unilaterally should you violate these service specific terms or the rights of any participating merchants or threaten the operation of servicek, opera may delete your account and terminate the service specific terms with you unilaterally users affirm that they are over the age of 13 or an adult in their home territory, as the service is not intended for children under 13 users affirm that they are over the age of 13 or an adult in their home territory, as the service is not intended for children under 13 opera does not endorse copyright infringing activities or other intellectual property infringing activities and violations of the law may result in the removal of content if opera is notified of such violations."
The current version of these terms are posted at https://www.opera.com/terms.
"Publishers retain all ownership rights to the submitted content, and by submitting content to the service, publishers hereby grant the following: a."
You agree that you will not use the services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms.
The services are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind.
"It is your responsibility to remain informed of any changes, because you are legally obligated to abide by the latest versions of these terms and the privacy statement."
"In no event shall opera and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the services, with the delay or inability to use the services, the provision of or failure to provide any services, or for any information, software, products, services, and related graphics obtained through the services, or otherwise arising out of the use of the services, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, even if opera or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages."
Removal and termination of accounts may occur without prior notice opera does not endorse copyright infringing activities or other intellectual property infringing activities and violations of the law may result in the removal of content if opera is notified of such violations.
"Whatsapp: a messaging service provided by whatsapp, inc., whose terms of use are available at https://www.whatsapp.com/legal."
"If you upload any content or user generated content to opera’s sites, you warrant that you have the necessary rights and authority to do so, including the necessary consent to upload and distribute any personal information about third persons."
Opera reserves the right to modify these service specific terms upon notice to you.
We expect you to respect the rights of others.
"To opera, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the content in connection with the service, including without limitation for promoting, redistributing in any and all media formats."
Crawling or scraping the services without the prior consent of opera is strictly prohibited. crawling or scraping the services without the prior consent of opera is strictly prohibited.
Opera does not claim ownership of any user generated content.
Opera reserves the right to remove user generated content for any reason opera reserves the right to remove user generated content for any reason opera does not claim ownership of any user generated content.
"If the content displayed violates any of your rights, including those of copyright, and/or violates any of the above mentioned factors, you are requested to immediately notify opera via online form and/or report the content using the available reporting functionality built into our software application. if the content displayed violates any of your rights, including those of copyright, and/or violates any of the above mentioned factors, you are requested to immediately notify opera via online form and/or report the content using the available reporting functionality built into our software application."
"Removal and termination of accounts may occur without prior notice publishers retain all ownership rights to the submitted content, and by submitting content to the service, publishers hereby grant the following: a."
"Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third party site or any third party content does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by opera."
Geolocation api: a geolocation service provided by google llc.
And d. yandex.zen: a content aggregation/recommendation service offered by yandex services ag and its affiliates.
"By using the yandex.zen service, you accept the yandex.zen terms of use published at https://yandex.com/legal/zen_termsofuse."
Opera may modify these terms.
"Opera reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue the services in whole or in part, and to terminate your access to the services at any time, with or without notice."
"You agree to indemnify and hold opera, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees, harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the services. you agree to indemnify and hold opera, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees, harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the services."
"Opera does not guarantee the accuracy, or completeness of any content available on the service."
"You furthermore agree to comply with all applicable laws governing self-employed individuals, including laws requiring the payment of taxes, such as income and employment taxes, and social security, disability, and other contributions. you furthermore agree to comply with all applicable laws governing self-employed individuals, including laws requiring the payment of taxes, such as income and employment taxes, and social security, disability, and other contributions."
"Opera has the right to refuse to post, edit, or deliver user generated content."
Opera has no control over and no responsibility for third party services.
And d.
Yandex.zen: a content aggregation/recommendation service offered by yandex services ag and its affiliates.
Some services accessible through the opera software applications are provided by other companies (“third party services”).
"You may not use the service to assault, interfere, gain unauthorized access, deny service in any way or form to any other network or device through the service."
These third party services may include the following: a.
