"Unless otherwise agreed, we reserve the right to suspend or end the services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice."
"These terms, and any dispute, claim or proceedings of whatever nature arising out of, or in any way relating to, these terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with english law, without regard to its conflict of law principles, except if you are resident (as determined by the most current information about yourself provided to writelatex) in the united states, in which case the laws of the state of new york, shall apply."
"< other changes may be posted to our news or terms page, so please check those pages regularly."
"Company will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other content stored on company’s equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the site, or otherwise connected with your use of the service. < company will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other content stored on company’s equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by the site, or otherwise connected with your use of the service."
"Without limiting the foregoing, we disclaim any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from errors and non-infringement."
"We may need your permission to do things you ask us to do with your stuff, for example, hosting your files, or sharing them at your direction."
"As such, the services are provided “as is” and “as available”, at your own risk, without any express, implied, statutory or other warranty or condition of any kind."
"Verleaf is provided “as-is” though we want to provide a great service, we can’t promise that all parts of the service will be free from errors and bugs or secure at all times."
"We reserve the right to stop, suspend, or modify the services at any time without prior notice to you, we reserve the right to stop, suspend, or modify the services at any time without prior notice to you, we will not be liable for any loss or corruption of your stuff, or for any costs or expenses associated with backing up or restoring it. we will not be liable for any loss or corruption of your stuff, or for any costs or expenses associated with backing up or restoring it."
"Other changes may be posted to our news or terms page, so please check those pages regularly."
"For example, if you are an overleaf user, we will delete your account profile if you close your account, but may however retain certain limited personal data about you to record your association with content you’ve made public, and as required to comply with applicable law. for example, if you are an overleaf user, we will delete your account profile if you close your account, but may however retain certain limited personal data about you to record your association with content you’ve made public, and as required to comply with applicable law."
"By continuing to access or use the services after revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms."
"We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services, including google analytics) using logging and cookies, such as ip address, we also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services, including google analytics) using logging and cookies, such as ip address, p> last modified: 5th november 2020 <p"
"P> last modified: 5th november 2020 these terms do not grant us any rights to your stuff or intellectual property except for the limited rights that are needed to run the services, as explained below. we may need your permission to do things you ask us to do with your stuff, for example, hosting your files, or sharing them at your direction."
"It also includes design choices we make to technically administer our services, for example, how we redundantly backup data to keep it safe."
"You can stop using our services any time you can stop using our services any time unless otherwise agreed, we reserve the right to suspend or end the services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice."
"These terms do not grant us any rights to your stuff or intellectual property except for the limited rights that are needed to run the services, as explained below."
You give us the permissions we need to do those things solely to provide the services.
"This includes product features visible to you, for example, image thumbnails or project previews."
