"This includes user content that we believe violates these terms, our community guidelines, or any other policies."
"You understand and agree that you may be exposed to user content that’s inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose."
"Our service and all content on pinterest is provided on an ""as is"" basis without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied. our service and all content on pinterest is provided on an ""as is"" basis without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied."
"If you access any third party website, service, or content from pinterest, you do so at your own risk and you agree that pinterest has no liability arising from your use of or access to any third party website, service, or content."
"If a revision, in our discretion, is material, we’ll notify you."
"Effective may 1, 2018 effective may 1, 2018"
"Upon termination, you continue to be bound by sections 3 and 8 of these terms."
"By entering into these terms, you and pinterest are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. by entering into these terms, you and pinterest are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action."
"To use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your user content on pinterest solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using pinterest."
More simply put any use or access by anyone under the age of 13 is not allowed.
Pinterest may terminate or suspend your right to access or use pinterest for any reason on appropriate notice.
"Pinterest and its users may retain and continue to use, store, display, reproduce, re-pin, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute any of your user content that other users have stored or shared on pinterest."
We may revise these terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on our website.
"Following termination or deactivation of your account, or if you remove any user content from pinterest, we may keep your user content for a reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes."
"Pinterest may contain links to third party websites, advertisers, services, special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by pinterest."
"If pinterest hasn’t been able to resolve the dispute with you informally, we each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in connection with or relating to these terms through binding arbitration or (for qualifying claims) in small claims court."
"While we work to protect the security of your content and account, pinterest can’t guarantee that unauthorized third parties won’t be able to defeat our security measures."
"These terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by pinterest without restriction."
"You grant pinterest and our users a non-exclusive, you grant pinterest and our users a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license transferable, sublicensable, worldwide license to use, store, display, reproduce, save, modify, create derivative works, perform, and distribute your user content on pinterest solely for the purposes of operating, developing, providing, and using pinterest."
We ask that you keep your password secure.
Pinterest takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any user content that you or any other person or third party posts or sends using our service.
"If we need to contact you, we will do so at the email address on your pinterest account."
Any use or access by anyone under the age of 13 is not allowed.
"We don’t endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third party sites, information, materials, products, or services."
"Or (c) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content."
"No waiver of any term of these terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and pinterest's failure to assert any right or provision under these terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision."
"For any dispute you have with pinterest, you agree to first contact us and try to resolve the dispute with us informally."
"If any provision of these terms is deemed invalid, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these terms will remain in full force and effect."
"You understand and agree that you may be exposed to user content that’s inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited to your purpose. pinterest takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any user content that you or any other person or third party posts or sends using our service."
"We may terminate or suspend your access immediately and without notice if we have a good reason, including any violation of our community guidelines."
"We reserve the right to remove or modify user content, or change the way it’s used in pinterest, for any reason."
"(b) any conduct or content of any third party on the service, including without limitation, any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third parties."
"You retain all rights in, and are solely responsible for, the user content you post to pinterest. you retain all rights in, and are solely responsible for, the user content you post to pinterest."
"Pinterest specifically disclaims any and all warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, and any warranties arising out of course of dealing or usage of trade."
"We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, and you agree to receive legal notices electronically if that’s what we decide."
"If you use pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e., you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our business terms as required by section 2(c) of these terms, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless pinterest inc, pinterest europe ltd, their affiliates and their&nbsp;respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, suits, proceedings, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including costs of defense of claims, suits or proceedings brought by third parties), in any way related to your access to or use of our service, your user content, or&nbsp;your breach of any of these terms. if you use pinterest for commercial purposes (i.e., you are not a consumer) without agreeing to our business terms as required by section 2(c) of these terms, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless pinterest inc, pinterest europe ltd, their affiliates and their&nbsp;respective officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, suits, proceedings, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees (including costs of defense of claims, suits or proceedings brought by third parties), in any way related to your access to or use of our service, your user content, or&nbsp;your breach of any of these terms."
Please notify us immediately of any compromise or unauthorized use of your account.
"More simply put while we work to protect the security of your content and account, pinterest can’t guarantee that unauthorized third parties won’t be able to defeat our security measures."
"These terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of california, without respect to its conflict of laws principles."
"To the maximum extent permitted by law, pinterest shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (a) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the service."
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.
