In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
"These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited."
"The site is provided on an “as-is” and “as available” basis, and company and our suppliers expressly disclaim any and all warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express, implied, or statutory, the site is provided on an “as-is” and “as available” basis, and company and our suppliers expressly disclaim any and all warranties and conditions of any kind, whether express, implied, or statutory, including all warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, including all warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, or non-infringement."
"The site may contain links to third-party websites and services, and/or display advertisements for third-parties."
"These terms, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without company’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void."
"Company grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to access the site solely for your own personal, noncommercial use."
"Upon termination of your rights under these terms, your account and right to access and use the site will terminate immediately."
"To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall company or our suppliers be liable to you or any third-party for any lost profits, lost data, costs of procurement of substitute products, or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages arising from or relating to these terms or your use of, or incapability to use the site even if company has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
"Because we do not control user content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any user content, whether provided by you or by others."
"These terms are subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our site."
"If any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law."
All claims and disputes in connection with the terms or the use of any product or service provided by the company that cannot be resolved informally or in small claims court shall be resolved by binding arbitration on an individual basis under the terms of this arbitration agreement.
"Time limits. if you or the company pursues arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations and within any deadline imposed under the aaa rules for the pertinent claim."
"And (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal obligation that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hard copy writing."
"For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from company in an electronic form."
"If you believe that one of our users is, through the use of our site, unlawfully infringing the copyright(s) in a work, and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 u.s.c."
Such third-party links &amp.
Time limits.
"And a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner."
"You hereby release and forever discharge the company and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature, that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the site."
You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail address.
"All claims and disputes within the scope of this arbitration agreement must be arbitrated or litigated on an individual basis and not on a class basis, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated or litigated jointly or consolidated with those of any other customer or user."
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our site.
"Company reserves the right to change, suspend, or cease the site with or without notice to you."
"We and our suppliers make not guarantee that the site will meet your requirements, will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis, or will be accurate, reliable, free of viruses or other harmful code, complete, legal, or safe."
Cookies and web beacons.
"We may suspend or terminate your rights to use the site at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the site in violation of these terms."
The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Continued use of our site following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
You agree that company will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions.
"Ads are not under the control of company, and company is not responsible for any third-party links &amp."
"Ads only as a convenience to you, and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to third-party links &amp."
"If there is a dispute between you and any site user, we are under no obligation to become involved. you hereby release and forever discharge the company and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature, that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the site."
"Access to and use of the site is at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your device or computer system, or loss of data resulting therefrom."
"If you or the company pursues arbitration, the arbitration action must be initiated and/or demanded within the statute of limitations and within any deadline imposed under the aaa rules for the pertinent claim."
"Accuracy, or non-infringement."
Ads.
"Unless otherwise agreed to, all arbitration proceedings shall be held in english."
Any changes to these terms will be effective upon the earliest of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site.
"In connection with our site, we have adopted and implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination of users of our online site who are repeated infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights."
You should be at least 18 years of age to access the site.
"And (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal obligation that such communications would satisfy if it were be in a hard copy writing. for contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from company in an electronic form."
"§ 512(c)) must be provided to our designated copyright agent: your physical or electronic signature; identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed; identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove; sufficient information to permit us to locate such material; your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law."
"In any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits the parties to litigate in court, the parties hereby agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within netherlands county, california, for such purposes."
Company provides access to these third-party links &amp.
"This arbitration agreement applies to you and the company, and to any subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of services or goods provided under the terms."
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
"Cookies and web beacons. like any other website, pure dating uses ‘cookies’."
"Like any other website, pure dating uses ‘cookies’."
"If there is a dispute between you and any site user, we are under no obligation to become involved."
