"Creating automated or manual vpn sessions in a manner that would impersonate a bot, or exerting excessive load on the network that may disturb other users on the network, or utilizing substantially excessive bandwidth that exceeds the average user bandwidth usage for an extended duration, or the likes, are all considered as unfair usage of the network, unless explicitly allowed by the company."
"Neither us nor our affiliates nor any respective employees, agents, third-party content providers or licensor/s warrant that the use of the website and/or the services shall be uninterrupted or error free."
Terminate your services in violation of any of these terms or for any reason at any time at our sole discretion terminate your services in violation of any of these terms or for any reason at any time at our sole discretion we do not warrant that any errors in the website and/or services will be corrected. we do not warrant that any errors in the website and/or services will be corrected.
"Using our services, even after any change in terms, will mean that you agree to these terms."
"Sending unsolicited emails in bulk quantities for opt-ins or for advertising/marketing purposes, even if the email is sent/received by another server; use our website and/or services for the purpose of transmitting spam."
"In no event shall we, our employees, subsidiaries, parents, agents, partners, third-party content providers, vendors, and/or our or their respective directors, officers, and members, be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, incidental, punitive, or other damages, including but not limited to exemplary, reliance, or consequential damages, loss of profits, business interruption, reputational harm, or loss of information or data, arising out of or related to the use of or inability to use the website and/or the services. in no event shall we, our employees, subsidiaries, parents, agents, partners, third-party content providers, vendors, and/or our or their respective directors, officers, and members, be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, incidental, punitive, or other damages, including but not limited to exemplary, reliance, or consequential damages, loss of profits, business interruption, reputational harm, or loss of information or data, arising out of or related to the use of or inability to use the website and/or the services."
"In appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, we may disable and/or terminate the accounts of members who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others."
"(c) your use of third-party services, products, links, advertisement, and/or tools."
"However, you have to ensure that you use our services only for your personal, private and non-commercial activities however, you have to ensure that you use our services only for your personal, private and non-commercial activities you may have the opportunity to provide reviews, suggestions, ideas, and feedback, (hereinafter, collectively, “feedback.”) should you so provide such feedback you grant us sole ownership of the same you may have the opportunity to provide reviews, suggestions, ideas, and feedback, (hereinafter, collectively, “feedback.”) should you so provide such feedback you grant us sole ownership of the same in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, we may disable and/or terminate the accounts of members who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others."
In the event that the dispute cannot be resolved the parties agree that it shall resolved exclusively by binding arbitration in accordance with the substantive laws of hong kong and shall be brought for arbitration in hong kong in the event that the dispute cannot be resolved the parties agree that it shall resolved exclusively by binding arbitration in accordance with the substantive laws of hong kong and shall be brought for arbitration in hong kong
(d) we disclaim any and all liability of any kind for any unauthorized access to or use of your personally-identifiable information.
"If we remove your content and/or terminate your account for infringing someone else's copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal. if we remove your content and/or terminate your account for infringing someone else's copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal."
"Or (e) the unauthorized use of the website and/or services by any other person using your information. you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless, as well as our affiliates and vendors and respective directors, officers, users and agents, from and against all claims, suits, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to (a) your use of the website and/or services."
"If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the website by completing the following dmca notice of alleged infringement and delivering it to our designated copyright agent."
You specifically agree not to: use our website and/or services for any illegal use you specifically agree not to: use our website and/or services for any illegal use use our website and/or services for the purpose of transmitting spam.
"Purevpn reserves the right to temporarily suspend or permanently terminate users found involved in unfair usage of its services; it is strictly prohibited for users to distribute login information without our prior consent, and also for two people to share one account; not sharing your login information with your friends; not to sell, trade or transfer that account to any other person or entity without the company’s specific permission to do so; it is strictly prohibited for users to distribute login information without our prior consent, and also for two people to share one account; not sharing your login information with your friends; not to sell, trade or transfer that account to any other person or entity without the company’s specific permission to do so; users may cancel their use of the services at any time via contacting to our live chat or via support e-mail at enquiry@purevpn.com. users may cancel their use of the services at any time via contacting to our live chat or via support e-mail at enquiry@purevpn.com."
"(d) your violations of any third-party rights, including third-party intellectual property rights."
"Your use of the website and/or continued use of the services after modification, addition or deletion of these terms of service shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of the modification, addition or deletion; to modify, add to, suspend, or delete any aspect of this website or services offered by us, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion at any time, with such modifications, additions or deletions being immediately effective."
"These terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of hong kong, without regard to its conflicts of legal provisions."
"To scan ports, open proxies, open relays."
Purevpn reserves the right to temporarily suspend or permanently terminate users found involved in unfair usage of its services; the use of service is subjected to fair usage.
"You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless, as well as our affiliates and vendors and respective directors, officers, users and agents, from and against all claims, suits, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to (a) your use of the website and/or services."
"You are responsible for: providing current, and accurate information , at the time of registration of your purevpn account, to the best of your knowledge; you are responsible for: providing current, and accurate information , at the time of registration of your purevpn account, to the best of your knowledge; all use of your account, regardless of whether you have authorized such access or use all use of your account, regardless of whether you have authorized such access or use the use of service is subjected to fair usage."
Or (e) the unauthorized use of the website and/or services by any other person using your information.
(b) your noncompliance with or breach of this agreement.
"Sending unsolicited emails in bulk quantities for opt-ins or for advertising/marketing purposes, even if the email is sent/received by another server; use our website and/or services to transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, torturous, or that can be deemed objectionable in a court of law; use our website and/or services to transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, torturous, or that can be deemed objectionable in a court of law; company reserves the right: to modify, add to, suspend or delete these terms of service or other agreements, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion at any time, with such modifications, additions or deletions being immediately effective upon their posting to the website."
"Your use of the website and/or continued use of the services after modification, addition or deletion of these terms of service shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of the modification, addition or deletion; company reserves the right: to modify, add to, suspend or delete these terms of service or other agreements, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion at any time, with such modifications, additions or deletions being immediately effective upon their posting to the website."
