"We make no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any content posted on the quora platform by anyone."
"By submitting feedback, you agree to grant us the right, at our discretion, to use, disclose and otherwise exploit the feedback, in whole or part, freely and without compensation to you."
"By submitting feedback, you agree to grant us the right, at our discretion, to use, disclose and otherwise exploit the feedback, in whole or part, freely and without compensation to you. feel free to submit feedback at quora.com/contact."
"If any provision in this agreement is found to be unenforceable, then that provision will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions of the agreement, which will remain in full force and effect. if any provision in this agreement is found to be unenforceable, then that provision will not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions of the agreement, which will remain in full force and effect."
"Our content and materials are provided to you “as is,” without any guarantees."
"Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, quora entities specifically will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or exemplary damages, loss of profits, business interruption, reputational harm, or loss of data (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages or such damages are foreseeable) arising out of or in any way connected with your use of, or inability to use, the quora platform."
Use of the quora platform by anyone under 13 years of age is prohibited.
This agreement and any action arising out of your use of the quora platform will be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence.
This includes ensuring that you have the rights needed for you to post that content and that your content does not violate the legal rights of another party or any applicable laws. you are responsible for the content that you post .
"Last updated: december 11, 2020 last updated: december 11, 2020 use of the quora platform by anyone under 13 years of age is prohibited."
You are responsible for the content that you post.
"You agree that to the maximum extent permitted by law, quora entities will not be liable to you under any theory of liability."
Our failure to assert a right or provision under this agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
"For more information, including detailed information about how to submit a request for takedown if you believe content on the quora platform infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our copyright policy for more information, including detailed information about how to submit a request for takedown if you believe content on the quora platform infringes your intellectual property rights, please read our copyright policy you agree that to the maximum extent permitted by law, quora entities will not be liable to you under any theory of liability."
Feel free to submit feedback at quora.com/contact.
This includes ensuring that you have the rights needed for you to post that content and that your content does not violate the legal rights of another party or any applicable laws.
"By submitting, posting, or displaying your content on the quora platform, you grant quora and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive by submitting, posting, or displaying your content on the quora platform, you grant quora and its affiliated companies a nonexclusive transferable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), transferable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, store, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public, and otherwise use your content in connection with the operation or use of the quora platform or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the quora platform or our business partners, in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed), license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, publish, transmit, store, display and distribute, translate, communicate and make available to the public, and otherwise use your content in connection with the operation or use of the quora platform or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the quora platform or our business partners, in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed), we make no warranties or representations about the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of any content posted on the quora platform by anyone."
