"You agree to release, indemnify and hold replika and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agents (collectively, “indemnitees”) harmless from any from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the services, any user content, your connection to the services, your violation of these terms of service or your violation of any rights of another."
"You expressly understand and agree that replika will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary damages, or damages for loss of profits including but not limited to you expressly understand and agree that replika will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary damages, or damages for loss of profits including but not limited to you agree that replika, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the service and remove and discard any content within the service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if replika believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these terms of service."
We may suspend or terminate your use of the services as a result of your fraud or breach of any obligation under these terms.
The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
This action is irreversible.
"Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of service, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities."
"Replika may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the service, or any part thereof, with or without notice."
"You agree that replika, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your account (or any part thereof) or use of the service and remove and discard any content within the service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if replika believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these terms of service."
"(v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” “contests,” “sweepstakes,” or any other form of solicitation."
"You agree that any termination of your access to the service under any provision of these terms of service may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that replika may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the service."
"You further acknowledge and agree that replika will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource."
Your use of the service is at your sole risk.
You may cancel your membership at any time by deleting your account in the app.
"You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account."
You and replika waive any right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration you and replika waive any right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration you will be required to register (“create an account”) with replika and become a replika member in order to access and use the services.
You will be required to register (“create an account”) with replika and become a replika member in order to access and use the services.
"As soon as you delete your account, all the data associated with your use of the services will be removed permanently."
