"Transmitting or communicating any content which we reasonably believe to be offensive to players, including language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, transmitting or communicating any content which we reasonably believe to be offensive to players, including language that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, or racially, ethically, or otherwise objectionable; vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, or racially, ethically, or otherwise objectionable; transmitting or facilitating the transmission of any content that contains a virus, corrupted data, trojan horse, bot keystroke logger, worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other computer programming routines that are intended to and/or actually damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or mine, transmitting or facilitating the transmission of any content that contains a virus, corrupted data, trojan horse, bot keystroke logger, worm, time bomb, cancelbot or other computer programming routines that are intended to and/or actually damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or mine, scrape or expropriate any system, data or personal info; scrape or expropriate any system, data or personal info; spamming chat, whether for personal or commercial purposes, by disrupting the flow of conversation with repeated postings; spamming chat, whether for personal or commercial purposes, by disrupting the flow of conversation with repeated postings; you may not use a misspelling or an alternative spelling to circumvent this restriction on name choices, like user names."
"Again, we do not own or operate those other websites."
"If you’re a copyright owner, are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the sites by submitting a notice that contains all of the following: if you’re a copyright owner, are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the sites by submitting a notice that contains all of the following: you assume all responsibility for the installation and use of, and results obtained from the riot services you assume all responsibility for the installation and use of, and results obtained from the riot services the riot services are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied."
"You must also comply with the acceptable use and behavioral policies that we publish from time to time on our websites, apps and games and the behavioral rules listed below (collectively the “user rules”)."
"However, sections 2.3, 3.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 5.1, 6, 8, and 13-19 inclusive, shall survive the termination of these terms."
"For example, if you use the riot services as part of a business operation (something you’re not allowed to do) and we get sued because of something you do in breach of these terms, you’ll have to defend us in court and pay for any damages we incur."
"Riot games reserves the right, at its own expense and in its sole and absolute discretion, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you’ll cooperate with riot games in asserting any available defenses. for example, if you use the riot services as part of a business operation (something you’re not allowed to do) and we get sued because of something you do in breach of these terms, you’ll have to defend us in court and pay for any damages we incur. riot games reserves the right, at its own expense and in its sole and absolute discretion, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you’ll cooperate with riot games in asserting any available defenses."
"This means that, except for qualifying small claims actions and emergency situations covered by section 17.14 below, you and riot games each waive the right to bring such claims to court, including the right to a jury trial ."
"We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use and enjoy the riot services (and any virtual content) for your individual, non-commercial, entertainment purposes only and expressly conditioned upon your compliance with these terms."
Use these links and the corresponding external websites at your own risk.
You are responsible for all losses (including loss or use of virtual content) on your account where you have shared your login credentials or have failed to keep your account or login credentials secure.
"Riot games may modify any name which riot games reasonably believes violates this provision, without notification to you, and may take further disciplinary measures, including account termination for repeated violations; you grant us, from the time of uploading or transmission of your content, a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works based upon, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, and import your content, including, all copyrights, publicity rights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, industrial rights and all other intellectual and proprietary rights related to them, for the purpose of providing the riot services without any compensation to you."
"To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, riot games disclaims all warranties, express or implied, which might apply to the riot services, including implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, any warranties that may arise from course of dealing, course of performance or usage of trade, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, riot games disclaims all warranties, express or implied, which might apply to the riot services, including implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, any warranties that may arise from course of dealing, course of performance or usage of trade, and any warranties as to the accuracy, reliability and any warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or quality of any content or info contained within the riot services."
You waive any moral rights you may have in your content with respect to our use of your content to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your jurisdiction.
It is our policy to terminate accounts in appropriate circumstances of users who infringe or are believed to infringe the rights of copyright holders.
Or quality of any content or info contained within the riot services.
"The riot services are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied."
"To the extent permitted by law, our total liability to you (whether for breach of this contract, negligence or for any other reason whatever) for any loss, harm or damage suffered by you in connection with your downloading, use and/or access of the riot services is limited to the total amounts paid by you to riot during the six (6) months immediately prior to the time your cause of action first arose. to the extent permitted by law, our total liability to you (whether for breach of this contract, negligence or for any other reason whatever) for any loss, harm or damage suffered by you in connection with your downloading, use and/or access of the riot services is limited to the total amounts paid by you to riot during the six (6) months immediately prior to the time your cause of action first arose."
"Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party’s individual claim(s)."
"You may not assign your rights under these terms without riot games’ prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void. riot games may assign its rights under these terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent."
"Such links don’t imply our endorsement of info or material on any other site, and we disclaim all liability with regard to your access to and use of such linked websites."
The riot services may contain links to websites operated by other parties.
We also won’t have responsibility for any damage which arises because you failed to install any update when it is made available by riot games or where you fail to maintain the minimum system specifications required.
"If local laws do not allow for waiver of moral rights, instead you grant riot games the right to use your content and all elements of your content with or without your name or pseudonym, as well as to freely edit your content."
Ou and riot games agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding.
"Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party’s individual claim(s). ou and riot games agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding."
"< you grant us, from the time of uploading or transmission of your content, a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, non-exclusive and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works based upon, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, and import your content, including, all copyrights, publicity rights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, industrial rights and all other intellectual and proprietary rights related to them, for the purpose of providing the riot services without any compensation to you."
Or (ii) any loss that we both knew might happen only because of your special circumstances existing at the time you entered into these terms (including all indirect damages).
"We provide these links to you as a convenience, or other users might be posting these links as user-provided content."
"Riot games may modify any name which riot games reasonably believes violates this provision, without notification to you, and may take further disciplinary measures, including account termination for repeated violations; you may not use a misspelling or an alternative spelling to circumvent this restriction on name choices, like user names."
This policy is aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when the riot services might seem similar to unsolicited ideas that people submit.
"This policy is aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when the riot services might seem similar to unsolicited ideas that people submit. you may not have any legal rights in the unsolicited ideas you insist on sending to us, but if you do, we will be allowed to use all or some of your unsolicited ideas for any reason we choose and without any payment to you."
"The user rules posted to our websites, apps and games or set out in this section are not meant to be exhaustive, and we reserve the right to modify them, as well as take appropriate disciplinary measures including temporary bans, account suspension or termination and deletion to protect the integrity and spirit of the riot services, regardless of whether a specific behavior is listed in the user rules as inappropriate."
We may freely use any unsolicited ideas you provide.
You assume all responsibility for your use of the riot services.
"You may not have any legal rights in the unsolicited ideas you insist on sending to us, but if you do, we will be allowed to use all or some of your unsolicited ideas for any reason we choose and without any payment to you."
"We don’t control the linked sites, and we’re not responsible for the content available there."
"This means that, except for qualifying small claims actions and emergency situations covered by section 17.14 below, you and riot games each waive the right to bring such claims to court, including the right to a jury trial. any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or related to these terms or the riot services shall be resolved exclusively by private, binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that qualifying small claims may be submitted in small claims court and either party may seek emergency, provisional relief before the appointment of an arbitrator as specified in section 17.14, below."
< you waive any moral rights you may have in your content with respect to our use of your content to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your jurisdiction.
"Riot games will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the riot games website or other online network accessible through a mobile device or other type of device (the “sites”) that are reported to riot games’ designated copyright agent, identified in the sample notice below."
"Unless both you and riot games agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person’s or party’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding."
"You must notify us immediately if you become aware of any breach of security, including any unauthorized account access or any loss, theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of your login credentials or payment info so we can take appropriate steps."
"Riot games will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the riot games website or other online network accessible through a mobile device or other type of device (the “ sites ”) that are reported to riot games’ designated copyright agent, identified in the sample notice below."
These terms begins on the date you first accept them and last for as long as you use or maintain an account on the riot services.
Or (ii) any loss that we both knew might happen only because of your special circumstances existing at the time you entered into these terms (including all indirect damages). we also won’t have responsibility for any damage which arises because you failed to install any update when it is made available by riot games or where you fail to maintain the minimum system specifications required.
"However, sections 2.3, 3.2, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 5.1, 6, 8, and 13-19 inclusive, shall survive the termination of these terms. these terms begins on the date you first accept them and last for as long as you use or maintain an account on the riot services."
"Separately, we are not responsible for: (i) any loss that was not foreseeable at the time you entered into these terms."
"You may not assign your rights under these terms without riot games’ prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be null and void."
"You must also comply with the acceptable use and behavioral policies that we publish from time to time on our websites, apps and games and the behavioral rules listed below (collectively the “ user rules ”)."
"Last modified: january 15, 2020 last modified: january 15, 2020 you must always supply us with accurate and complete info including your real name."
"Riot games’ failure to enforce any provision of these terms shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provision, nor in any way affect the right of any party to enforce each and every such provision after that."
"Such links don’t imply our endorsement of info or material on any other site, and we disclaim all liability with regard to your access to and use of such linked websites. the riot services may contain links to websites operated by other parties."
"Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or related to these terms or the riot services shall be resolved exclusively by private, binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that qualifying small claims may be submitted in small claims court and either party may seek emergency, provisional relief before the appointment of an arbitrator as specified in section 17.14, below."
You must always supply us with accurate and complete info including your real name.
Riot games respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same.
"Riot games may assign its rights under these terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent."
