"Rumble.com and its agents have the right at their sole discretion to remove any content that, in rumble.com's judgment, does not comply with the user conduct rules or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate."
The above licenses granted by you are perpetual and irrevocable. the above licenses granted by you are perpetual and irrevocable.
The inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of the site by rumble.com or any association with its operators. this site may produce automated search results or otherwise link you to other sites on the internet.
The inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of the site by rumble.com or any association with its operators.
This site may produce automated search results or otherwise link you to other sites on the internet.
Copyrighted content or material that is used without the express permission of the owner.
Your use of this site following the posting of any changes to the terms of use will be deemed your acceptance of such change(s). your use of this site following the posting of any changes to the terms of use will be deemed your acceptance of such change(s).
"If a user is found in violation, the account may be suspended and/or terminated."
"The content is provided without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement."
"If any part of these terms of use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. if any part of these terms of use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect."
"You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to these terms of use or your use of this site shall lie only in the provincial courts of ontario in peel district, and you further agree to and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action."
"Rumble.com, its subsidiaries, and its licensors do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct."
"Rumble.com has a zero tolerance for any violation of content polices and/or conduct outlined in these terms, especially, but not limited to copyright infringement."
"This includes rumble.com's right to terminate a user's ability to upload videos, post comments, collect revenue or any function available on rumble.com."
"Contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party."
"All materials, information, software, products, and services included in or available through this site (the ""content"") are provided ""as is"" and ""as available"" for your use."
"This includes rumble.com's right to terminate a user's ability to upload videos, post comments, collect revenue or any function available on rumble.com. rumble.com has a zero tolerance for any violation of content polices and/or conduct outlined in these terms, especially, but not limited to copyright infringement."
"Any material viewed, downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this site is done solely at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage, including without limitation personal injury or distress, damage to your computer system, or loss of data, that results from the viewing or download of any such material."
"You agree to indemnify and hold rumble.com, and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents, co-branders and other partners, contractors, and employees, harmless from and against any and all claims, expenses, and demands, including attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to, arising out of, or asserted in connection with your use or misuse of this site, including claims relating to content you submit, post to or transmit through this site, and your connection to and use of this site."
"These other sites are not under rumble.com's control, and you acknowledge that rumble.com is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites."
"You agree to abide by rumble.com's user conduct rules, including but not limited to, agreeing not to use this site for any unlawful purpose you agree to abide by rumble.com's user conduct rules, including but not limited to, agreeing not to use this site for any unlawful purpose by posting information in or otherwise using any communications service, message board, or other interactive service that may be available to you on or through this site, you agree that you will not upload, post, or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any materials, including text, communications, software, images, sounds, data, or other information (hereafter ""content"") that: is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, by posting information in or otherwise using any communications service, message board, or other interactive service that may be available to you on or through this site, you agree that you will not upload, post, or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any materials, including text, communications, software, images, sounds, data, or other information (hereafter ""content"") that: is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party."
You retain full control and all rights to your video.
Please check the terms of use periodically for changes.
"Accordingly, rumble.com will not process, digitize, post, upload, store, share or otherwise display on the rumble.com website: content or material that we believe is pornographic, obscene, or of an adult or sexual nature; accordingly, rumble.com will not process, digitize, post, upload, store, share or otherwise display on the rumble.com website: content or material that we believe is pornographic, obscene, or of an adult or sexual nature; copyrighted content or material that is used without the express permission of the owner."
"Under no circumstances shall rumble.com, its subsidiaries, members or employees be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, this site."
These sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive.
"These terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of ontario, excluding its conflicts of law rules."
That this site will be available at any particular time or location.
"This limitation applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if rumble.com has been advised of the possibility of such damage."
"To file a copyright infringement notification with us, you will need to send a written communication that includes substantially the following please also be advised that we enforce a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of subscribers who are repeat infringers."
"You are granting rumble an exclusive, worldwide, commercial, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, edit, syndicate, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the content in connection with the service and rumble's (and its successors', partners and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels."
"Rumble.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of this site, with or without notice, for any reason, including, without limitation, if rumble.com believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these terms of use."
"We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update or revise these terms of use."
That any defects or errors will be corrected.
