Age you warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
"At our discretion, ruqqus may share your information with united states law enforcement in the event of an emergency, if we have good cause to believe that doing so would avert or mitigate the emergency. at our discretion, ruqqus may share your information with united states law enforcement in the event of an emergency, if we have good cause to believe that doing so would avert or mitigate the emergency."
You will not provide a third party with your ruqqus.com password or two-factor authentication codes.
"Additionally, you acknowledge that these forms are provided for the sake of convenience and speed, and that ruqqus does not waive any of its rights regarding legal process, including the right to object for lack of proper service."
Ruqqus considers abusive and frivolous submissions to be submissions with a clear lack of legal justification.
"Examples include: nonsensical data, duplicate submissions, dmca takedown requests for content that isn't your intellectual property, or legal demands from someone lacking the authority to make such a demand."
"These terms of service are governed by, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the state of new hampshire."
"You warrant that you are at least 18 years old, if you indicate as such in your user settings."
"You warrant that you are at least 18 years old, if you indicate as such in your user settings. age you warrant that you are at least 13 years old."
"These include, but are not limited to: dmca takedown request dmca takedown counter-request subpoenas and court orders you agree to refrain from making abusive or frivolous submissions to these forms."
"In the event that your ruqqus.com account is accessed by a third party anyways, you remain accountable for all actions taken by your account."
Account access your ruqqus.com account is nontransferable.
"Examples include: nonsensical data, duplicate submissions, dmca takedown requests for content that isn't your intellectual property, or legal demands from someone lacking the authority to make such a demand. legal forms ruqqus grants you the ability to use your ruqqus.com account to send us certain types of legal forms through our help portal."
"You will not buy, sell, gift, loan, or otherwise grant a third party access to your ruqqus.com account."
Legal forms ruqqus grants you the ability to use your ruqqus.com account to send us certain types of legal forms through our help portal.
"You will not provide a third party with your ruqqus.com password or two-factor authentication codes. in the event that your ruqqus.com account is accessed by a third party anyways, you remain accountable for all actions taken by your account."
"Additionally, you acknowledge that these forms are provided for the sake of convenience and speed, and that ruqqus does not waive any of its rights regarding legal process, including the right to object for lack of proper service. ruqqus considers abusive and frivolous submissions to be submissions with a clear lack of legal justification."
