"The services and all content are distributed on an “as is, as available” basis."
"Neither we nor our partners, affiliates, operators, or parent companies shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages."
"To opt out of receiving communications from us via email, please email us at support@eightpoint.ky or click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any communication you receive from us."
"If any part of these terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the terms shall continue in effect."
"You understand and agree that by utilizing our services, you agree to receive communications from us, including emails, push notifications, text messages, and other forms of communications, regarding our services and other third-party business offerings."
"Racist/discriminatory speech) the services and all content are distributed on an “as is, as available” basis."
"We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of the services or any of the content."
"You agree that you will not use the services to (i) publish, post, upload, e-mail, distribute, or disseminate (collectively, “transmit”) any offensive, inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, vulgar, you agree that you will not use the services to (i) publish, post, upload, e-mail, distribute, or disseminate (collectively, “transmit”) any offensive, inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, vulgar, sexually explicit, obscene, sexually explicit, obscene, or unlawful content or unlawful content or any hate speech (e.g."
"Last updated: march 2019 last updated: march 2019 we do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of the services or any of the content."
"We grant you an individual and personal, revocable, non-transferrable, non-assignable, non-exclusive right to access and use the services and content for your own personal use."
"Your use of each of those websites and services is subject to the conditions, if any, that each of those websites has posted."
Racist/discriminatory speech) or any hate speech (e.g.
"At any time and without notice to you, we may modify these terms by posting revised terms on the services."
"These terms and any disputes arising directly or indirectly hereunder, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of florida, without regard to its choice of law provisions."
You further understand and agree that our services may include communications from us or from our partners to you and that these communications are considered part of the services.
"We maintain the right, but not the obligation to remove any content that we determine in our sole discretion violates these terms or that is otherwise objectionable at any time and for any reason."
Whether owned by us or third parties with which we have a relationship.
"You acknowledge and agree that we have no control over websites that are not ours, and we are not responsible for any changes to and/or content on them."
The services may contain links to other internet websites and services owned by third parties.
"This license shall apply to the distribution and the storage of your content in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed."
"If you believe that your content has been copied and made accessible through the services and/or as part of the content in a manner that violates your intellectual property rights, you may submit a claim notice to us at support@eightpoint.ky."
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your accounts and passwords.
"You hereby grant us, our affiliates, and our partners a worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, nonexclusive, sub-licensable, license you hereby grant us, our affiliates, and our partners a worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, nonexclusive, sub-licensable, license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, transfer, transmit, distribute, and publish your content and subsequent versions of your content for the purposes of (i) pursuing our business interests, (ii) distributing your content, either electronically or via other media, to third parties seeking to download or otherwise acquire it, and/or (iii) storing your content in a remote database accessible by third parties."
