"And, (vi) build our technical infrastructure (e.g., using cloud storage providers or information security vendors)."
"By accepting the terms of this agreement, you are providing us with authorization to retrieve information about you by using third parties, including credit bureaus and other information providers."
"Regulated or illegal products and services regulated or illegal products and services pornography and other obscene materials (including literature, imagery and other media) depicting nudity or explicitly sexual acts."
"Any hyperlinked website or service any hyperlinked website or service under no circumstances will any of the disclaiming entities be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the payments services or your shopify payments account, or the information contained therein."
"Sexually oriented items (e.g., adult toys)."
"That we will not be liable to you for compensation, reimbursement, or damages in connection with your use of the payments services, or any termination or suspension of the payments services, or deletion of your information or account data."
"Sexually oriented dating services we may terminate this agreement and close your shopify payments account at any time, for any reason we may terminate this agreement and close your shopify payments account at any time, for any reason that we will not be liable to you for compensation, reimbursement, or damages in connection with your use of the payments services, or any termination or suspension of the payments services, or deletion of your information or account data."
(ii) for use in connection with the management and maintenance of the payments services.
"(iii) deliver portions of the payments services (e.g., third parties that work with us to actually process credit card payments or conduct any shipping)."
Our failure to assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
You are required to comply with all applicable payment network rules.
(iii) the payments services will be available at any particular time or location.
"We may also collect personal information (including name, birthdate, and government-issued identification number) about your beneficial owners or principals. we will collect information such as your name (if you are a sole proprietor), your business or trade name, your address, email, phone number, business identification or registration number, and certain other information that we require."
"You agree that shopify is permitted to contact and share information about you and your application (including whether you are approved or declined), your shopify payments account, and the processor account with the processor and other third parties in order to perform the payments services."
"You will not carry out, nor use a third party to carry out, any of the following unlawful acts: (a) the act of making violent demands."
"You represent and warrant to us that: (i) if you are a sole proprietor, you are at least eighteen (18) years of age or, if you are a corporation or other entity, that the person entering into this agreement on your behalf is at least eighteen (18) years of age, is authorized to act on your behalf, and has the authority to bind you to this agreement."
"Where a data subject is located in the european economic area, that data subject’s personal data will be processed by shopify international limited, in accordance with our privacy policy."
(ii) perform administrative tasks.
"(iii) to create and update our and their customer records about you, and to assist us and them in better serving you."
"And, (iv) to conduct our and their risk management process."
(b) the act of making unreasonable demands exceeding legal responsibilities.
"We may also collect personal information (including name, birthdate, and government-issued identification number) about your beneficial owners or principals."
"As part of providing the payments services, this personal data may be transferred to other regions, including to canada and the united states."
"You represent to us that you have obtained all necessary rights and consents under applicable law to allow us and the processor to collect, use, retain, and disclose any cardholder data that you provide to, or authorize us to collect, including information that we may collect directly from you of your customers via cookies or other means and to use that data to provide the payments services you represent to us that you have obtained all necessary rights and consents under applicable law to allow us and the processor to collect, use, retain, and disclose any cardholder data that you provide to, or authorize us to collect, including information that we may collect directly from you of your customers via cookies or other means and to use that data to provide the payments services you further agree not to permit any third party to do any of the following: (i) access or attempt to access our systems, programs, or data that are not made available for public use."
(v) generate analytics or other information relating to the payments services.
"The disclaiming entities do not warrant that: (i) the information they provide or that is provided through the payments services is accurate, reliable or correct."
Any subject matter downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the payments services is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your property or loss of data that results from such download.
"Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this section d8, the disclaiming entities’ cumulative liability to you shall be limited to direct damages, and in all events shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees paid by you to shopify during the three (3) month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to the claim for liability."
"Sites offering any sexually-related services such as prostitution, escorts, pay-per view, adult live chat features."
"Under no circumstances will any of the disclaiming entities be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the payments services or your shopify payments account, or the information contained therein."
(iv) develop and improve our products and the payments services.
"(d) the act of spreading rumors, using fraudulent means, or using force to harm the other party’s reputation or obstruct the party’s business."
(iv) the payments services will function in an uninterrupted manner or be secure.
The payments services will meet your requirements the payments services will meet your requirements (iii) the payments services will be available at any particular time or location.
"The payment network rules for&nbsp;visa,&nbsp;mastercard&nbsp;and&nbsp;american express&nbsp;are available on the internet at the following links: visa, mastercard and american express."
"If any provision of this agreement (or portion thereof) is held to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, then it shall be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law, and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect."
"User content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party. user content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party."
"This limitation of liability section applies regardless of the legal theory on which the claim is based, including, without limitation, contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or any other basis."
This includes sharing information: (i) about transactions for regulatory or compliance purposes.
"Additionally, in order to provide the payments services, we use a variety of third party “sub-processors” that fall into many broad categories—for example, we use sub-processors to help us: (i) protect you and shopify from potentially risky transactions, security threats, or fraud."
Shopify will use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with customer support to help resolve issues relating to the payments services.
"We will collect information such as your name (if you are a sole proprietor), your business or trade name, your address, email, phone number, business identification or registration number, and certain other information that we require."
"May be assigned by us without consent or other restriction may be assigned by us without consent or other restriction you agree that your access to any such website is at your own risk, and that the site is not governed by the terms and conditions contained in this agreement."
"Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this section d8, the disclaiming entities’ cumulative liability to you shall be limited to direct damages, and in all events shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees paid by you to shopify during the three (3) month period immediately preceding the event giving rise to the claim for liability. this limitation of liability section applies regardless of the legal theory on which the claim is based, including, without limitation, contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or any other basis."
Any defects or errors will be corrected.
(c) the act of using threatening behavior or violence in relation to a transaction.
"Where permitted by law, we will make reasonable efforts to provide you notice of such legal process by sending a copy to the email address we have on file for you."
"Sexually oriented dating services pornography and other obscene materials (including literature, imagery and other media) depicting nudity or explicitly sexual acts."
Adult video stores and sexually oriented massage parlors.
"By submitting any idea you agree that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction, and will not place us under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the idea without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the idea on a non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone."
"The payment networks have established guidelines, bylaws, rules, and regulations in the form of the payment network rules."
"You agree that your access to any such website is at your own risk, and that the site is not governed by the terms and conditions contained in this agreement."
"You further agree not to permit any third party to do any of the following: (i) access or attempt to access our systems, programs, or data that are not made available for public use."
"Gentleman’s clubs, topless bars, and strip clubs."
"This agreement is governed by the laws of delaware except for any security interest created pursuant to section c2 above, which will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the applicable country, state, province, territory, or other jurisdiction in which such security interest is registered, and in each case without regard to its choice of law provisions to the contrary."
