"You further understand and agree that we have no control over third party networks you may access in the course of the use of the service, and therefore, delays and disruption of other network transmissions are completely beyond our control. you understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the service may occur as normal events."
"If any provision of any such document is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions thereof, which shall remain in full force and effect."
You understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the service may occur as normal events.
"However, we and our agents have the right at their sole discretion to remove any user submission or other content that, in our judgment, does not comply with these terms of service and any other rules of user conduct for the service, or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate."
"These terms of service were last modified as of march 19, 2021 these terms of service were last modified as of march 19, 2021 however, we and our agents have the right at their sole discretion to remove any user submission or other content that, in our judgment, does not comply with these terms of service and any other rules of user conduct for the service, or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate."
"We have the right to terminate your membership, account, payment, or other affiliation with the service at any time and for any reason."
Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to any of the foregoing matters must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to any of the foregoing matters must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
"You agree that you will not engage in any behavior that constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk email (also known as “spamming”), chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling."
Any arbitration under the terms will take place on an individual basis: class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
"We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of, any opinion, advice, or statement made by anyone other than an authorized skillshare spokesperson speaking in his/her official capacity."
"We may, at our sole discretion, modify these terms of service at any time."
"We have the right to reject, cancel, interrupt, remove, or suspend any class, comment, or other posted comment at any time and for any reason."
"We reserve the right, at any time, to change any fees or charges for using any services provided on the service (or to begin charging fees for any free service), provided that such changes will not apply to fees or charges paid or free services used prior to the time of the change."
"By accessing the service at any time after such modifications, you are agreeing to such modifications."
"You further understand and agree that we have no control over third party networks you may access in the course of the use of the service, and therefore, delays and disruption of other network transmissions are completely beyond our control."
Skillshare's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms of service or any of the other governing documents shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
"You understand that by agreeing to the terms, you and skillshare are each waiving the right to trial by jury or to participate in a class action."
"These terms of service, together with the privacy policy and the other governing documents, shall all be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the state of new york, without regard to conflicts of law principles."
You shall not interfere with anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the service.
"You understand and agree that the service is provided “as is” and that we assume no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. you understand and agree that the service is provided “as is” and that we assume no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings."
No refunds are offered for premium membership fees or any other fees collected by the service. no refunds are offered for premium membership fees or any other fees collected by the service.
