Spacehey.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site.
Spacehey.com will treat any feedback you provide to spacehey.com as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
"By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service by using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service these terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of germany and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in stuttgart, germany."
"Spacehey.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current."
"The materials appearing on spacehey.com 's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors."
You must be at least 13 years old to use the spacehey services.
"We reserve the right to review any user content, and to investigate and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion if you violate the acceptable use policy or any other provision of these terms or otherwise create liability for us or any other person."
That is harmful to minors in any way.
"Further, spacehey.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials and services provided on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site further, spacehey.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials and services provided on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site the materials appearing on spacehey.com's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors."
"Your user content may be deleted at any time without prior notice to you your user content may be deleted at any time without prior notice to you that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening that is harmful to minors in any way."
The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
The materials and services on spacehey.com 's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
The materials and services on spacehey.com's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
"If you provide spacehey.com with any feedback or suggestions regarding the site, you hereby assign to spacehey.com all rights in such feedback and agree that spacehey.com shall have the right to use and fully exploit such feedback and related information in any manner it believes appropriate."
"Or that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party or that is in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party send through the site unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages send through the site unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages attempt to gain unauthorized access to the site, whether through password mining, brute force or ddos attacks or any other means attempt to gain unauthorized access to the site, whether through password mining, brute force or ddos attacks or any other means harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the site harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the site generate automated searches, requests, or queries to the site. generate automated searches, requests, or queries to the site."
Spacehey.com may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
"The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information. hese cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited."
"Spacehey.com will treat any feedback you provide to spacehey.com as non-confidential and non-proprietary. if you provide spacehey.com with any feedback or suggestions regarding the site, you hereby assign to spacehey.com all rights in such feedback and agree that spacehey.com shall have the right to use and fully exploit such feedback and related information in any manner it believes appropriate."
"These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of germany and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in stuttgart, germany."
"Hese cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited."
