"Provided, however, that spanishdict reserves the right, but has no obligation, to intercede in such disputes."
We will also update the “last updated” date at the top of the agreement.
"In order to access certain features of spanishdict properties, you must become a registered user."
"By submitting, posting or displaying content on or through spanishdict services which are intended to be available to the members of the public, you grant spanishdict a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license by submitting, posting or displaying content on or through spanishdict services which are intended to be available to the members of the public, you grant spanishdict a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, publish and distribute such content on spanishdict services for the purpose of displaying and distributing spanishdict services. to reproduce, publish and distribute such content on spanishdict services for the purpose of displaying and distributing spanishdict services."
"You hereby grant to spanishdict a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner, any and all feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights, in connection with the operation and maintenance of spanishdict properties and/or spanishdict’s business."
"All claims and disputes within the scope of this arbitration agreement must be arbitrated on an individual basis and not on a class or collective basis, only individual relief is available, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated or consolidated with those of any other customer or user."
(4) statements or conduct of any third party on spanishdict properties.
"Or (5) any other matter related to spanishdict properties, whether based on warranty, copyright, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory."
"Spanishdict claims no ownership or control over any content submitted, posted or displayed by you on or through spanishdict services."
"You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your access or use of the website, to any products sold or distributed through the website, or to any aspect of your relationship with spanishdict, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (1) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify,."
And/or (e) file a report with any and all appropriate credit check agencies.
"Waiver of class or other non-individualized relief. all claims and disputes within the scope of this arbitration agreement must be arbitrated on an individual basis and not on a class or collective basis, only individual relief is available, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated or consolidated with those of any other customer or user."
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users and any other parties with whom you interact.
Your account.
"To the fullest extent permitted by law, under no circumstances will spanishdict parties be liable to you for more than one hundred u.s."
(3) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.
The terms are subject to change by spanishdict in its sole discretion at any time.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit the feedback.
Procedure for making claims of copyright infringement procedure for making claims of copyright infringement it is spanishdict’s policy to terminate membership privileges of any user who repeatedly infringes copyright upon prompt notification to spanishdict by the copyright owner or the copyright owner’s legal agent.
"You shall not (and shall not permit any third party) either (a) take any action or (b) make available any content on or through spanishdict properties that: (i) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any person or entity."
Waiver of class or other non-individualized relief.
"To the fullest extent permitted by law, you understand and agree that in no event shall the spanishdict parties be liable for any loss of profits, revenue or data, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with spanishdict properties, or damages or costs due to loss of production or use, business interruption, procurement of substitute goods or services, whether or not spanishdict has been advised of the possibility of such damages, arising out of or in connection with the terms, or from any communications, interactions or meetings with other users of spanishdict properties, on any theory of liability, resulting from: (1) the use or inability to use spanishdict properties."
"You agree that submission of any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to spanishdict through its suggestion, feedback, wiki, forum or similar pages (“feedback”) is at your own risk and that spanishdict has no obligations (including without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such feedback."
"By using the service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country."
Dollars ($100).
"And/or (e) file a report with any and all appropriate credit check agencies. (f) pursue any other action which spanishdict deems to be appropriate. in the event that spanishdict determines, in its sole discretion, that you have breached any portion of the agreement, or have otherwise demonstrated conduct inappropriate for spanishdict properties, spanishdict reserves the right to: (a) warn you via e-mail (to any e-mail address you have provided to spanishdict) that you have violated the terms; (b) terminate your pending loan application(s); (c) discontinue your access to any services; (d) notify and/or send your data to and/or fully cooperate with the proper law enforcement authorities for further action."
(f) pursue any other action which spanishdict deems to be appropriate.
"After your initial subscription period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically commence on the first day following the end of such period (each, a “renewal commencement date”) and continue for an additional equivalent period, at spanishdict’s then-current price for such subscription."
"If you want to terminate the services provided by spanishdict, you may do so by closing your account for all of the services that you use. if you want to terminate the services provided by spanishdict, you may do so by closing your account for all of the services that you use."
"Your use of spanishdict properties is at your sole risk, and spanishdict properties are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, your use of spanishdict properties is at your sole risk, and spanishdict properties are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, spanishdict parties expressly disclaim all warranties, representations, and conditions of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement arising from use of the website."
"In the event that spanishdict determines, in its sole discretion, that you have breached any portion of the agreement, or have otherwise demonstrated conduct inappropriate for spanishdict properties, spanishdict reserves the right to: (a) warn you via e-mail (to any e-mail address you have provided to spanishdict) that you have violated the terms; (b) terminate your pending loan application(s); (c) discontinue your access to any services; (d) notify and/or send your data to and/or fully cooperate with the proper law enforcement authorities for further action."
"And (2) you or spanishdict may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents)."
"These terms of service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of virginia, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence."
"When changes are made, spanishdict will make a new copy of the agreement available at the website and any new supplemental terms will be made available from within, or through, the affected service on the website."
"(e) you shall not use any manual or automated software, devices or other processes (including, but not limited to, spiders, robots, scrapers, crawlers, avatars, data mining tools or the like) to “scrape” or download data from any web pages contained in the website (except that we grant the operators of public search engines revocable permission to use spiders to copy materials from the website for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials)."
"If we make material changes to the agreement, we may (and, where required by law, will) also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via e-mail if you have an account (as defined in section 2.1) or another manner through the services (which may include posting an announcement on our website)."
"Your account. in order to access certain features of spanishdict properties, you must become a registered user."
Automatic renewal. although you may choose your payment plan for subscription services (i.e.
Personal information collected by spanishdict may be stored and processed in the united states or any other country in which spanishdict or its agents maintain facilities.
"(b) any content downloaded from or otherwise accessed through spanishdict properties is accessed at your own risk, and you shall be solely responsible for any damage to your property, including, but not limited to, your computer system and any device you use to access spanishdict properties, or any other loss that results from accessing such content."
You agree not to use spanishdict properties for any purpose that is prohibited by the terms or by applicable law.
"Except as set forth in the agreement, all fees for the services are non-refundable."
Automatic renewal.
You agree that your account will be subject to this automatic renewal feature unless and until you cancel your subscription.
"1 month, 6 months, or 12 months), your subscription will continue indefinitely until terminated in accordance with the agreement."
"(ii) is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous you are solely responsible for your interactions with other users and any other parties with whom you interact."
(ii) of legal age to form a binding contract.
"(ii) is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous you shall not (and shall not permit any third party) either (a) take any action or (b) make available any content on or through spanishdict properties that: (i) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any person or entity."
Although you may choose your payment plan for subscription services (i.e.
You represent that you are (i) at least eighteen (18) years old.
"If your registration(s) with or ability to access spanishdict properties, or any other spanishdict community is discontinued by spanishdict due to your violation of any portion of the agreement, then you agree that you shall not attempt to re-register with or access spanishdict properties or any spanishdict community through use of a different member name or otherwise if your registration(s) with or ability to access spanishdict properties, or any other spanishdict community is discontinued by spanishdict due to your violation of any portion of the agreement, then you agree that you shall not attempt to re-register with or access spanishdict properties or any spanishdict community through use of a different member name or otherwise you agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your access or use of the website, to any products sold or distributed through the website, or to any aspect of your relationship with spanishdict, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (1) you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify,."
"(2) the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received for transactions entered into through spanishdict properties."
"(a) spanishdict parties make no warranty, representation or condition that: (1) spanishdict properties will meet your requirements."
