The “subscription billing date” is the date when you purchase your first subscription to the service.
"We may send you emails concerning our products and services, as well as those of third parties."
"Email. we may send you emails concerning our products and services, as well as those of third parties."
"If you activate a subscription service, you authorize doist or its third party payment processors to periodically charge, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of either the recurring payments or your account, all accrued sums on or before the payment due date for the accrued sums."
"The aggregate liability of the doist entities to you for all claims arising out of or relating to the use of or any inability to use any portion of the service or otherwise under these terms, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, is limited to the greater of: (a) the amount you have paid to doist for access to and use of the service in the 12 months prior to the event or circumstance giving rise to claim."
"Terms of service last modified september 20, 2020 with an effective date of november 9, 2020 by accepting these terms, you and doist are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in any class action or representative proceeding."
You agree to give up your right to go to court to assert or defend your rights under this contract (except for matters that may be taken to small claims court).
"For information on the “ subscription fee ”, please see our pricing page."
Subscription service.
These terms are governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to conflict of law principles.
The “ subscription billing date ” is the date when you purchase your first subscription to the service.
"(b) your violation of any portion of these terms, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these terms, or any applicable law or regulation."
No class actions.
Your rights will be determined by a neutral arbitrator and not a judge or jury.
Or (b) $100.
"To the fullest extent permitted by law, you are responsible for your use of the service, and you will defend and indemnify doist and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (together, the “doist entities”) from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or connected with: (a) your unauthorized use of, or misuse of, the service."
You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next periodic subscription fee to your account.
You may opt out of promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the promotional email itself.
No class actions. you and doist agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.
You retain any copyright and other proprietary rights that you may hold in the user content that you post to the service. you retain any copyright and other proprietary rights that you may hold in the user content that you post to the service.
Governing law. these terms are governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to conflict of law principles.
You may opt out of promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the promotional email itself. email.
The service may include automatically recurring payments for periodic charges (“ subscription service ”).
The service and all materials and content available through the service are provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis.
"We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those claims. to the fullest extent permitted by law, you are responsible for your use of the service, and you will defend and indemnify doist and its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (together, the “doist entities”) from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or connected with: (a) your unauthorized use of, or misuse of, the service."
Doist or its third party payment processor will bill the periodic subscription fee to the payment method you provide to us during registration (or to a different payment method if you change your payment information).
"You may cancel the subscription service by following the instructions provided at the following links for todoist premium, todoist business, and twist, or by contacting us at support@todoist.com or support@twist.com (depending on which doist service product you are using)."
The service may include automatically recurring payments for periodic charges (“subscription service”).
"(c) your violation of any third party right, including any intellectual property right or publicity, confidentiality, other property, or privacy right."
"Your account will be charged automatically on the subscription billing date all applicable fees and taxes for the next subscription period (e.g., monthly billing periods will be billed on the same day each month)."
"Further, unless both you and doist agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding."
Or (e) any dispute or issue between you and any third party.
Governing law.
"You and doist submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within santa clara, california for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under these terms."
The subscription will continue unless and until you cancel your subscription or we terminate it.
"We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those claims."
"You may cancel the subscription service by following the instructions provided at the following links for todoist premium, todoist business, and twist, or by contacting us at support@todoist.com or support@twist.com (depending on which doist service product you are using). subscription service ."
"By accepting these terms, you and doist are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in any class action or representative proceeding."
You and doist agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.
"For information on the “subscription fee”, please see our pricing page."
(d) the nature or content of data processed by the service.
