"You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, our services at your own discretion and risk.< you understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, our services at your own discretion and risk.< except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this agreement, any access to or use of our services will be governed by the laws of the netherlands."
Toplogger.nu will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
You will be solely responsible and liable for any activity that occurs under your username.
"Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this agreement, any access to or use of our services will be governed by the laws of the netherlands."
"If you are under 13 years old, please do not register to use our services."
"Any person who registers as a user or provides their personal information to our services represents that they are 13 years of age or older. our services are not directed to children younger than 13, and access and use of our services is only offered to users 13 years of age or older."
You are responsible for keeping your password secure.
Privacy policy changes you can request the removal of your user data by sending an email to privacy@toplogger.nu.
"Toplogger.nu and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement."
"Toplogger.nu uses cookies to help toplogger.nu identify and track visitors, their usage of toplogger.nu, and their website access preferences."
Toplogger.nu also collects potentially personally-identifying information like internet protocol (ip) addresses.
"Toplogger.nu visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using toplogger.nu’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of toplogger.nu’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies."
"Our services are provided ""as is."""
"Privacy policy changes although most changes are likely to be minor, toplogger.nu may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in toplogger.nu’s sole discretion."
Any person who registers as a user or provides their personal information to our services represents that they are 13 years of age or older.
"Neither toplogger.nu nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that our services will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted."
Data deletion < you can request the removal of your user data by sending an email to privacy@toplogger.nu.
Make sure to send the email from the email address associated with the toplogger account to be deleted.
"Our services are not directed to children younger than 13, and access and use of our services is only offered to users 13 years of age or older."
"You agree to indemnify and hold harmless toplogger.nu, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of our services, including but not limited to your violation of this agreement. you agree to indemnify and hold harmless toplogger.nu, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of our services, including but not limited to your violation of this agreement."
"Toplogger.nu may terminate your access to all or any part of our services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately."
Use of our services requires a toplogger.nu account.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
