Some of these statics are sent to the third party analytics service: amplitude .
You also have the right to request our comapny to complete the information you believe is incomplete the right to rectification: you have the right to request that tryhackme correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
Some of these statics are sent to the third party analytics service: amplitude what do we use your data for we use the information entered in the profile to help assess how to create appropriate content for the users.
Tryhackme adheres to gdpr(general data protection regulation) and are gdpr compliant when collecting and processing user information.
"Further, tryhackme does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site."
"You also have the right to request our comapny to complete the information you believe is incomplete google will track your behaviour across the web using cookies google will track your behaviour across the web using cookies tryhackme only uses this information internally and does not send, distribute or sell this data to any other third party, apart from hotjar(where this data is stored). tryhackme only uses this information internally and does not send, distribute or sell this data to any other third party, apart from hotjar(where this data is stored)."
We may charge you a small fees for this service the right to rectification: you have the right to request that tryhackme correct any information you believe is inaccurate.
We reserve the right to offer a refund.
"The gathering, processing and use of the data follows the aformentioned processes."
The right to access: you have the right to request tryhackme for copies of your personal data.
We may charge you a small fees for this service the right to access: you have the right to request tryhackme for copies of your personal data.
Last updated: 2020/12/02 last updated: 2020/12/02 the materials on tryhackme's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
"When running specific events using tryhackme such as ctfs, users who sign up to such events on the platform are explicity notified that their information is used by organizing parties involved in the event."
We hold the right to close any account (without any form of refunds) at our discretion.
"Tryhackme reserves the right to discontinue service for any user that violates these terms and conditions, and the user conduct tryhackme reserves the right to discontinue service for any user that violates these terms and conditions, and the user conduct we reserve the right to offer a refund."
Tryhackme may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice.
"These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of london, united kingdom and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that state or location."
.
The materials on tryhackme's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
What do we use your data for we use the information entered in the profile to help assess how to create appropriate content for the users.
"Depending on the users occupation and skill levels, we aim to create content the better suits their needs."
