"You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your account, including unauthorized activity."
"Mong other things, vimeo makes no representations or warranties: that our services, or any part thereof, will be available or permitted in your jurisdiction, uninterrupted or error-free, completely secure, or accessible from all devices or browsers; mong other things, vimeo makes no representations or warranties: that our services, or any part thereof, will be available or permitted in your jurisdiction, uninterrupted or error-free, completely secure, or accessible from all devices or browsers; to the extent permitted by applicable law: (a) vimeo shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages, including damages for loss of business, profits, goodwill, data, or other intangible losses, even if vimeo has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
"By continuing to use our services, you accept any revised agreement."
Your use of vimeo create is governed by our&nbsp;vimeo create addendum. transactions:&nbsp;we may offer digital goods for sale.
"Refund policy: &nbsp;subject to the terms hereof, self-serve subscribers who purchase plans directly from vimeo may cancel and receive a full refund of their initial purchase within&nbsp; thirty (30) days &nbsp;after purchasing an annual plan and&nbsp; five (5) days &nbsp;after purchasing a monthly plan."
"Any disputes relating to this agreement or your use of our services will be governed by the laws of new york state and the united states of america (with respect to matters subject to federal jurisdiction such as copyright), without regard to principles of conflicts of law."
"Feedback),&nbsp; section 7.2 &nbsp;(indemnification),&nbsp; section 9 &nbsp;(disclaimers),&nbsp; section 10 &nbsp;(limitation of liability),&nbsp; section 11 &nbsp;(disputes, arbitration, and choice of law), and&nbsp; section 12 &nbsp;(general provisions)."
"You must be at least 16 years old or the applicable age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater, to create an account or otherwise use our services."
"All licenses granted by you in this&nbsp; section 6 : (a) are non-exclusive, by granting these licenses, you waive any so-called “moral rights” that you may have."
"Automatic renewal: &nbsp; to the extent permitted by applicable law, subscriptions automatically renew at the end of each subscription period unless cancelled beforehand."
Monetization: &nbsp;we may allow you to sell digital goods or earn money through advertising.
"If any term of this agreement is found invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that term will be limited or severed."
Or (c) when vimeo in good faith believes that it is legally obligated to do so. the license period begins when you submit the video to vimeo and ends when you or vimeo delete it;&nbsp; provided &nbsp;that vimeo may retain archival copies: (a) for a limited period of time in case you wish to restore it.
Purchases of vimeo stock footage and licenses are governed by our&nbsp;vimeo stock license agreement.
"); is sexually explicit or promotes a sexual service; is defamatory; is harassing or abusive; is defamatory; is harassing or abusive; promotes or supports terror or hate groups; promotes or supports terror or hate groups; contains false or misleading claims about (1) vaccination safety, or (2) health-related information that has a serious potential to cause public harm; contains false or misleading claims about (1) vaccination safety, or (2) health-related information that has a serious potential to cause public harm; the license period begins when you submit the video to vimeo and ends when you or vimeo delete it;&nbsp;provided&nbsp;that vimeo may retain archival copies: (a) for a limited period of time in case you wish to restore it."
"If you make suggestions to vimeo on improving our products or services, vimeo may use your suggestions without any compensation to you. if you make suggestions to vimeo on improving our products or services, vimeo may use your suggestions without any compensation to you."
"To the extent permitted by applicable law: (a) vimeo shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages, including damages for loss of business, profits, goodwill, data, or other intangible losses, even if vimeo has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
You must safeguard the confidentiality of your account credentials.
"Except as expressly set forth herein, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, vimeo disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement."
"You may not submit any content that: infringes any third party’s copyrights or other rights (e.g., trademark, privacy rights, etc."
No failure or delay by vimeo in exercising any right will waive any further exercise of that right.
"With respect to users who do not have a subscription plan (i.e., free users), (a) vimeo may terminate this agreement at any time by providing thirty (30) days’ written notice, and with respect to users who do not have a subscription plan (i.e., free users), (a) vimeo may terminate this agreement at any time by providing thirty (30) days’ written notice, and (b) applicable users may terminate at any time by deleting their accounts. (b) applicable users may terminate at any time by deleting their accounts."
"You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless vimeo and its subsidiaries, parents, and affiliates, and their and our respective directors, officers, employees, and agents, from and against all third-party complaints, demands, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses, including attorney’s fees, arising from or relating to: (a) the content you submit to or through the services."
"(b) vimeo's total liability to you, except for vimeo’s contractual payment obligations hereunder (if any), shall not exceed the amounts paid by you to vimeo over the twelve (12) months preceding your claim(s) or one hundred dollars (usd $100), whichever is greater. (b) vimeo's total liability to you, except for vimeo’s contractual payment obligations hereunder (if any), shall not exceed the amounts paid by you to vimeo over the twelve (12) months preceding your claim(s) or one hundred dollars (usd $100), whichever is greater."
You may revoke the foregoing permission by deleting your account.
"); is sexually explicit or promotes a sexual service; you may not submit any content that: infringes any third party’s copyrights or other rights (e.g., trademark, privacy rights, etc."
"We may allow you to use vimeo create, our video creation tools."
Purchases of vimeo stock footage and licenses are governed by our&nbsp;vimeo stock license agreement. monetization:&nbsp;we may allow you to sell digital goods or earn money through advertising.
Transactions: &nbsp;we may offer digital goods for sale.
Vimeo provides the services on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Your sales of videos are governed by our&nbsp;seller addendum.
"For convenience, we may provide translated versions of this agreement. for convenience, we may provide translated versions of this agreement."
"Last updated: december 15, 2020 last updated: december 15, 2020 by using our services and accepting this agreement, you (1) agree to binding arbitration of these claims before a neutral arbitrator."
"By granting these licenses, you waive any so-called “moral rights” that you may have."
And (b) allegations of actions or omissions by you that (regardless if proven) would constitute a breach of this agreement.
Your use of vimeo create is governed by our&nbsp;vimeo create addendum.
You use the services at your own risk.
Purchases of vimeo on demand videos are governed by our&nbsp;vimeo on demand viewer agreement.
"By continuing to use our services, you accept any revised agreement. we may update this agreement by posting a revised version on our website."
"Refund policy:&nbsp;subject to the terms hereof, self-serve subscribers who purchase plans directly from vimeo may cancel and receive a full refund of their initial purchase within&nbsp;thirty (30) days&nbsp;after purchasing an annual plan and&nbsp;five (5) days&nbsp;after purchasing a monthly plan."
We may update this agreement by posting a revised version on our website.
Copyright owners may send vimeo a takedown notice as stated in our&nbsp;copyright policy&nbsp;if they believe vimeo is hosting infringing materials.
"By using our services and accepting this agreement, you (1) agree to binding arbitration of these claims before a neutral arbitrator."
"If vimeo deletes your account for breach, you may not re-register. if vimeo deletes your account for breach, you may not re-register."
"Automatic renewal:&nbsp;to the extent permitted by applicable law, subscriptions automatically renew at the end of each subscription period unless cancelled beforehand."
"In the event of any termination or expiration, the following sections will survive:&nbsp; section 6.4 &nbsp;(other content."
"Each party waives its right to go to court, to a trial by jury, and to participate in a class action, class arbitration, or other representative proceeding with respect to any covered privacy claim. each party waives its right to go to court, to a trial by jury, and to participate in a class action, class arbitration, or other representative proceeding with respect to any covered privacy claim."
"Vimeo shall have the right to identify public profiles in its marketing and investor materials. you grant vimeo permission to use your name, likeness, biography, trademarks, logos, or other identifiers used by you in your account profile for the purpose of displaying such properties to the public or the audiences you have specified."
Vimeo shall have the right to identify public profiles in its marketing and investor materials.
(b) when the video is the subject of a takedown notice or other legal claim.
"You grant vimeo permission to use your name, likeness, biography, trademarks, logos, or other identifiers used by you in your account profile for the purpose of displaying such properties to the public or the audiences you have specified."
Or (c) when vimeo in good faith believes that it is legally obligated to do so.
"We will, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of persons who repeatedly infringe."
"And (b) allegations of actions or omissions by you that (regardless if proven) would constitute a breach of this agreement. you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless vimeo and its subsidiaries, parents, and affiliates, and their and our respective directors, officers, employees, and agents, from and against all third-party complaints, demands, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities, and expenses, including attorney’s fees, arising from or relating to: (a) the content you submit to or through the services."
