(b) your user content or feedback.
"The total liability of waymo and the other waymo parties, for any claim arising out of or relating to these terms or our services, regardless of the form of the action, is limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to use our services."
"Except for the license you grant below, you retain all rights in and to your user content, as between you and waymo."
"O the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, waymo and the other waymo parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if waymo or the other waymo parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages. o the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, waymo and the other waymo parties will not be liable to you under any theory of liability—whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, warranty, or otherwise—for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, punitive or special damages or lost profits, even if waymo or the other waymo parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages."
You must be at least 13 years of age to use our services.
"Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor user content, we may delete or remove user content at any time and for any reason with or without notice."
"You grant waymo and its subsidiaries a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully-paid, and sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display your user content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your user content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you."
"(d) your violation, misappropriation or infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property rights or privacy rights)."
We may make changes to these terms from time to time.
(c) your violation of these terms.
And (e) your conduct in connection with our services.
"Except for the license you grant below, you retain all rights in and to your user content, as between you and waymo. you grant waymo and its subsidiaries a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, fully-paid, and sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display your user content and any name, username or likeness provided in connection with your user content in all media formats and channels now known or later developed without compensation to you."
"To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless waymo and its affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “waymo parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (""claims"") arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our services."
"If we make changes, we will provide you with notice of such changes, such as by sending an email, providing a notice through our services, or updating the date at the top of these terms."
"Use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods designed to scrape or extract data from our services use any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods designed to scrape or extract data from our services pornographic pornographic any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, works, or other information about waymo or our products or services that you post, submit, or otherwise communicate to us (collectively, “feedback”), is non-confidential and will become the sole property of waymo any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, works, or other information about waymo or our products or services that you post, submit, or otherwise communicate to us (collectively, “feedback”), is non-confidential and will become the sole property of waymo to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless waymo and its affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees (individually and collectively, the “waymo parties”) from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, expenses or costs (""claims"") arising out of or related to (a) your access to or use of our services."
