"To the extent permitted by applicable law, wickr or its affiliates, contractors, employees, agents, or third-party partners or suppliers will not be liable to you for any special, indirect, incidental, punitive, reliance, consequential, or exemplary damages relating to your use of the wickr services, even if wickr has been advised of the possibility of such damages."
Wickr assumes no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from user data.
"You agree that wickr may terminate or suspend your access to the wickr services without prior notice and without liability if such termination or suspension is based on (a) wickr’s good faith belief you have violated any of the terms and conditions of this agreement, (b) wickr’s determination that you repeatedly infringe or have infringed the copyrights of others wickr may terminate or suspend its services at any time, and for any reason without any liability."
Wickr does not endorse and has no control over the content of user data submitted by other users.
"The wickr services may allow the submission of content and materials by you (” user data “), and the hosting, storing of such user data."
You shall be solely responsible for your own user data and the consequences of storing or transmitting them.
Wickr may modify this terms of service from time to time.
Provided that the foregoing shall not prevent wickr from seeking injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.
"While we don’t have the technical capability to monitor wickr services accounts or our users’ messages, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate accounts if we learn they violate the following terms."
"You may not use the wickr services: for illegal purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities; to engage in targeted harassment, bullying, or threats of violence against others; to send or disseminate other people’s private and confidential information, such as credit card numbers or social security/national identity numbers, without their express authorization and permission; to use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the wickr services without our express written permission; the wickr software may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the united states."
"The wickr services and any third-party software, services, or applications made available in connection with the wickr services are provided “as is,” to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, wickr, and its suppliers and partners, disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose wickr and its suppliers and partners do not warrant that the functions contained in the wickr services will be uninterrupted or error-free that defects will be corrected you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless wickr, its affiliated companies, and its suppliers and partners from any and all claims, suits, actions, losses, costs, damages, and any other liabilities, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to (a) your use or misuse of the wickr services, (b) any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you, or (c) any breach or violation by you of this agreement."
Wickr reserves the right to prevent you from submitting user data and to restrict or remove user data for any reason at any time.
"Subject to the terms of this agreement, wickr grants you a personal, non- exclusive, non-transferable and non-sublicensable license to use the wickr services solely for your personal or internal business purposes."
Any and all changes to this agreement will be posted on the wickr.com site our services are designed to enable secure end-to-end communication.
"This agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of delaware, without regard to conflicts of law provisions either wickr or you may demand that any dispute or claim between wickr and you about or involving the wickr services must be settled by arbitration utilizing the dispute resolution procedures of the american arbitration association (” aaa “) in san francisco, california, usa and, if so demanded by wickr or you, both parties hereby acknowledge and agree to submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the aaa in san francisco, ca to resolve the applicable dispute or claim."
"While we don’t have the technical capability to monitor wickr services accounts or our users’ messages, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate accounts if we learn they violate the following terms. our services are designed to enable secure end-to-end communication."
