"Li> unless stated differently for your country in section 14, we may temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your account or impose limits on or restrict your access to parts or all of the services at any time, without notice and for any reason, including, but not limited to, violation of these terms, court order, or inactivity li> unless stated differently for your country in section 14, we may temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate your account or impose limits on or restrict your access to parts or all of the services at any time, without notice and for any reason, including, but not limited to, violation of these terms, court order, or inactivity we provide our services “as-is,” “with all faults,” and “as available.” your use of the services, including content within the services, is at your own risk we provide our services “as-is,” “with all faults,” and “as available.” your use of the services, including content within the services, is at your own risk we do not represent, promise, or warrant that the services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free."
"Except as otherwise provided in the specific&nbsp;product terms or guidelines for&nbsp;one of our services, when you upload, share with or submit content to the services you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content except as otherwise provided in the specific&nbsp;product terms or guidelines for&nbsp;one of our services, when you upload, share with or submit content to the services you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content you grant&nbsp;to us&nbsp;a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, you grant&nbsp;to us&nbsp;a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, perpetual, transferable, sublicensable license transferable, sublicensable license to (a) use, host, store, reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works (such as translations, adaptations, summaries or other changes), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, and distribute this content in any manner, mode of delivery or media now known or developed in the future."
The unauthorized access to your account or any data maintained or transmitted by the services.
"These terms do&nbsp; not &nbsp;allow class or collective arbitrations, even if the aaa procedures or rules would."
"We, in our sole discretion, may change, discontinue or terminate any or all aspects of a fee-based service without notice, including access to support services, content and other products or services ancillary to the fee-based service, subject to providing an appropriate refund for any portions of a specified but no longer available term."
You should look at the terms regularly.
"You and verizon media &nbsp; both agree to resolve any and all disputes, controversies or claims that in any way arise out of or relate to these terms or from any services you receive from us (or from any advertising for any such services), including any disputes between you and our employees or agents (“dispute(s)”), only by arbitration on an individual basis or in small claims court."
Our&nbsp;failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
"We make no commitments, promises or warranties about the content within the services or content linked from the services, the support we provide for the services, the specific functions of the services, the security of the services, or the services’ reliability, quality, accuracy, availability, or ability to meet your needs, provide certain outputs or achieve certain results. we make no commitments, promises or warranties about the content within the services or content linked from the services, the support we provide for the services, the specific functions of the services, the security of the services, or the services’ reliability, quality, accuracy, availability, or ability to meet your needs, provide certain outputs or achieve certain results."
"All charges are nonrefundable unless provided otherwise in the terms you agree to when you register for a fee-based service, unless stated differently for your country in section 14 or as otherwise specified below. all charges are nonrefundable unless provided otherwise in the terms you agree to when you register for a fee-based service, unless stated differently for your country in section 14 or as otherwise specified below."
Links provided by the services or third parties to external sites or resources.
We will provide notice (in accordance with section 3(c) above) of material modifications.
"We will provide notice (in accordance with section 3(c) above) of material modifications. unless stated differently for your country in section 14, we may modify the terms from time to time."
We use auto-renewal for many of our fee-based services.
"To (a) use, host, store, reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works (such as translations, adaptations, summaries or other changes), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, and distribute this content in any manner, mode of delivery or media now known or developed in the future."
"You and verizon media&nbsp;both agree to resolve any and all disputes, controversies or claims that in any way arise out of or relate to these terms or from any services you receive from us (or from any advertising for any such services), including any disputes between you and our employees or agents (“dispute(s)”), only by arbitration on an individual basis or in small claims court."
"At the expiration of each subscription term for such fee-based services, we will automatically renew your subscription and charge the credit card or other payment method you have provided to us, unless you cancel your subscription at least 48 hours before the end of the current period."
"We do not represent, promise, or warrant that the services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free."
"These terms do&nbsp;not&nbsp;allow class or collective arbitrations, even if the aaa procedures or rules would."
"To the fullest extent permitted by law and except as otherwise stated in section 14, verizon media entities are not liable in connection with any disputes that arise out of or relate to these terms or services for any amount greater than the amount you paid to us for the services. to the fullest extent permitted by law and except as otherwise stated in section 14, verizon media entities are not liable in connection with any disputes that arise out of or relate to these terms or services for any amount greater than the amount you paid to us for the services."
"To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree and understand that verizon media&nbsp;entities will not be liable for: any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, treble or other multiples of damages, exemplary or punitive damages arising from or in connection with these terms or your use of the services."
Class action waiver for u.s. users .
"Unless stated differently for your country in section 14, we may modify the terms from time to time."
"You agree that any recommendation, idea, proposal, suggestion, feedback or other input (“feedback”) you submit to us&nbsp;related to our&nbsp;products, services, websites, apps, or technology may be used by us&nbsp;without any notice, obligation, restriction, reimbursement or compensation to you and you waive (or agree not to enforce) any and all rights that may now or in future exist (including moral and equivalent rights) in any feedback. you agree that any recommendation, idea, proposal, suggestion, feedback or other input (“feedback”) you submit to us&nbsp;related to our&nbsp;products, services, websites, apps, or technology may be used by us&nbsp;without any notice, obligation, restriction, reimbursement or compensation to you and you waive (or agree not to enforce) any and all rights that may now or in future exist (including moral and equivalent rights) in any feedback."
"Unless we indicate otherwise, modifications will be effective as of the date they are posted on this page or any successor page."
"If you are using the services on behalf of a company, business or other entity, or if you are using the services for commercial purposes, you and the entity will hold harmless and indemnify the&nbsp;verizon media&nbsp;entities (defined in section 8 below) from any suit, claim or action arising from or related to the use of the services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims (including claims for negligence), losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees. if you are using the services on behalf of a company, business or other entity, or if you are using the services for commercial purposes, you and the entity will hold harmless and indemnify the&nbsp;verizon media&nbsp;entities (defined in section 8 below) from any suit, claim or action arising from or related to the use of the services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims (including claims for negligence), losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees."
