"Except as provided in exhibit a, the parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts located in and serving santa clara county, california and the federal courts in the northern district of california."
"You agree that zoom may charge to your credit card or other payment mechanism selected by you and approved by zoom (""your account"") all amounts due and owing for the services, including taxes and service fees, set up fees, subscription fees, or any other fee or charge associated with your account."
Guidelines
Indemnification.
"O the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will zoom or its affiliates, suppliers or resellers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, exemplary or consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss or damage) arising out of the use of or inability to use the services or the provision of or failure to provide technical or other support services, whether arising in tort (including negligence) contract or any other legal theory, even if zoom, its affiliates, suppliers or resellers have been advised of the possibility of such damages."
"You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless zoom, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, suppliers and resellers from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees) arising from your use of the services, your violation of this agreement or the infringement or violation by you or any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity or applicable law. indemnification ."
"This agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the state of california, u.s.a."
"If you are located in the united states, you agree to resolve disputes only on an individual basis, through arbitration pursuant to the provisions of exhibit a.&nbsp;the parties expressly waive any right to bring any action, lawsuit, or proceeding as a class or collective action, private attorney general action, or any other proceeding in which any party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity agreement to arbitrate."
"(ii) you and your end users located in china, russia, or venezuela are not military end users and will not put zoom’s services to a military end use, as defined in 15 c.f.r."
"Recordings engage in activity that is illegal, fraudulent, false, or misleading engage in activity that is illegal, fraudulent, false, or misleading use the services to communicate any message or material that is harassing, libelous, threatening, obscene, indecent, would violate the intellectual property rights of any party or is otherwise unlawful use the services to communicate any message or material that is harassing, libelous, threatening, obscene, indecent, would violate the intellectual property rights of any party or is otherwise unlawful you affirm that you are at least 16 years of age you affirm that you are at least 16 years of age your access may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are under the age of 16 or are otherwise ineligible your access may be terminated without warning if we believe that you are under the age of 16 or are otherwise ineligible you agree that zoom may charge to your credit card or other payment mechanism selected by you and approved by zoom (""your account"") all amounts due and owing for the services, including taxes and service fees, set up fees, subscription fees, or any other fee or charge associated with your account."
"Failure by either party to exercise any of its rights under, or to enforce any provision of, this agreement will not be deemed a waiver or forfeiture of such rights or ability to enforce such provision."
"You represent and warrant that: (i) you and your end users (a) are not citizens of, or located within, a country or territory that is subject to u.s. trade sanctions or other significant trade restrictions (including without limitation cuba, iran, north korea, syria, and the crimea region of ukraine) and that you and your end users will not access or use the services, or export, re-export, divert, or transfer the services, in or to such countries or territories."
Waiver of class action .
Requirement to file within one year.
"Notwithstanding any other statute of limitations, a claim or dispute under this agreement must be filed in small claims court or noticed for arbitration within one year of when it could first be filed, or such claim will be permanently barred."
Zoom reserves the right to require arbitration.
"In any case, zoom's, its affiliates', suppliers' and resellers' maximum cumulative liability and your exclusive remedy for any claims arising out of or related to this agreement will be limited to the amount actually paid by you for the services (if any) in the twelve (12) months preceding the event or circumstances giving rise to such claims."
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the security of your user name and password and agree not to disclose such to any third party. you are entirely responsible for maintaining the security of your user name and password and agree not to disclose such to any third party.
744.21.
"Notwithstanding any other statute of limitations, a claim or dispute under this agreement must be filed in small claims court or noticed for arbitration within one year of when it could first be filed, or such claim will be permanently barred. requirement to file within one year ."
Agreement to arbitrate.
"If you are located in the united states, you agree to resolve disputes only on an individual basis, through arbitration pursuant to the provisions of exhibit a.&nbsp; the parties expressly waive any right to bring any action, lawsuit, or proceeding as a class or collective action, private attorney general action, or any other proceeding in which any party acts or proposes to act in a representative capacity this agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the state of california, u.s.a."
"If you continue using the services after such ten-business-day period, you will be deemed to have accepted the changes to the terms of this agreement."
"And (c) are not persons on the u.s. department of commerce’s denied persons list, entity list, or unverified list, or u.s. department of state proliferation-related lists."
"You understand and agree that the services are provided ""as is"" and zoom, its affiliates, suppliers and resellers expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement."
"You retain copyright and any other rights you already hold in content which you submit, post or display on or through, the services. recordings you retain copyright and any other rights you already hold in content which you submit, post or display on or through, the services."
"Zoom, its affiliates, suppliers and resellers make no warranty or representation regarding the results that may be obtained from the use of the services, regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through the services zoom, its affiliates, suppliers and resellers make no warranty or representation regarding the results that may be obtained from the use of the services, regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through the services that the services will meet any user's requirements that the services will meet any user's requirements be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the services is at your own discretion and risk."
Any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the services is at your own discretion and risk.
"Zoom may, in its sole discretion, discontinue the services or modify the features of the services from time to time without prior notice."
"You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless zoom, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, suppliers and resellers from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees) arising from your use of the services, your violation of this agreement or the infringement or violation by you or any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity or applicable law."
"If any provision of this agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect of the original provision and the remainder of this agreement will remain in full force and effect. if any provision of this agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect of the original provision and the remainder of this agreement will remain in full force and effect."
Waiver of class action.
"Although zoom is not responsible for any content, zoom may delete any content, at any time without notice to you, if zoom becomes aware that it violates any provision of this agreement, or any law."
"(b) are not persons, or owned 50% or more, individually or in the aggregate by persons, identified on the u.s. department of the treasury’s specially designated nationals and blocked persons list or foreign sanctions evaders lists."
